Notification settings

In this Article
Notion is set up to notify you if you're mentioned in a page or database, for reminders, and when updates have been made to a page you care about. Below, we describe how notifications work, and how you can modify them 🛎

Contents
How notifications work
Types and timing
Notification settings
How notifications work
Here's when you will get a notification:

Someone @-mentions you or replies to your comment.

Or you have notifications set to All comments for a page.

You're added to a Person property in a database.

You set a reminder for yourself to show up at a certain time.

Types and timing
There are several ways these notifications will reach you:

You'll see a red badge with the number of notifications waiting for you next to Inbox at the top of your sidebar. Learn more about updates here →

Desktop comments and mentions show up if you have the app installed and open.

Desktop meeting detection sends a notification prompt to start meeting notes when it detects audio activity and finds a matching event on your calendar.

Email notifications are sent if you don't have Notion open at the time of the notification, or if you have mobile notifications turned off and you haven't seen a notification within five minutes.

Unless you have Always send email notifications turned on, you'll only receive an email notification if you're not active on the app.

You can also receive email notifications about what’s happening in your workspace, like what pages you might want to check out or what pages are trending.


Note: If you're actively viewing a page that the notification trigger was created on (i.e. the @-mention or reminder), you won't see any notifications.

Notification settings
Go to Settings → Notifications to adjust your settings for:

Mobile push notifications

Desktop push notifications and badge icons (if you’re using the desktop app)

Slack notifications

Email notifications. You can receive notifications for activity in your workspace, page updates, and workspace digests.

Notification settings - desktop
On mobile, tap ••• near the top of your home page → Settings → My notifications.

Notification settings - mobile
FAQs
I'm not receiving any mobile or email notifications, but I have them enabled.

If you have Notion open on a mobile device or computer, you won't receive push or email notifications for reminders — you'll only see the badge next to Inbox.

If Notion is not open on your mobile device or computer, then you will receive a push or email notification.

To always receive email updates regardless of whether or not you have the app open, you can enable Always send email notifications in the Notifications section of Settings.

Is there a way for the notifications to make a sound or vibration?

Not at the moment, unfortunately 😓 On our to-do list though!

I don’t want to be notified when I get mentioned in a person property in a database. How can I turn this kind of notification off?

Unfortunately, if you don’t want to be notified when you’re mentioned in a person property, you’ll need to ask someone with edit access to turn off notifications in the specific person property’s settings. Individual users can’t unsubscribe from these notifications.
