===== PAGE 17 =====




===== PAGE 18 =====

Hyundai Motor India Limited hereinafter called "HMIL", warrants that each new Hyundai vehicle sold shall be free from any defects in material and workmanship, under normal use and maintenance, subject to the following terms and conditions. 1. Warranty period This warranty shall exist for a period ASPEROPTIONSELECTEDONPAGE&BY the first purchaseR FROM THE DATE OF DELIVERY 7HICHSOEVER . EARLIER However, warranty for HYUNDAI BEING USED FOR COMMERCIAL PURPOSE SUCH 4AXI4OURIST OPERATION IS  MONTHS  KILOMETERS FROM THE DATE DELIVERYTO THE PURCHASER WHICHSOEVERISEARLIER4HISWARRANTY TRANSFERABLE SUBSEQUENT OWNER FOR THE REMAINING WARRANTY PERIOD4HISWARRANTYISAPPLICABLE ONLY IN )NDIA AND NOT TRANSFERABLE TOANYOTHERCOUNTRY 2. What is covered Except as provided in paragraph 3 hereof, our Authorized Dealers shall either repair or replace, any Hyundai genuine part that is acknowledged by HMIL to be defective in material or workmanship within the warranty period stipulated above, at no cost to the owner of the Hyundai vehicle for parts or labour. Such defective parts which have been replaced will become the property of HMIL. 3. What is not covered This warranty shall not apply to: Normal maintenance services other than the three free services, including without limitation, cleaning and polishing, minor adjustments, engine tuning, oil/fluid changes, filters replenishment, fastener retightening, wheel balancing, wheel alignment and tyre rotation etc. Replacement of parts as a result of normal wear and tear such as spark plugs, belts, brake pads and linings, clutch disc/facing, filters, wiper blades, bulbs, fuses, etc. Damage or failure resulting from:  Negligence of proper maintenance as required in this Owner's Manual and Service Booklet.  Misuse, abuse, accident, theft, flooding or fire.  Use of improper or insufficient fuel, fluids or lubricants.  Use of parts other than Hyundai Genuine Parts.  Any device and/or accessories not supplied by HMIL.  Modifications, alterations, tampering or improper repair.  Parts used in applications of which they were not designed or not approved by HMIL.  Slight irregularities not recognised as affecting quality or function of the vehicle or parts, such as slight noise or vibrations, or items considered characteristic of the vehicle.  Airborne "fallout", Industrial fall out, acid rain, hail and wind storms, or other Acts of God.  Paint scratches, dents or similar paint or body damage. Action of road elements (sand, gravel, dust or road debris) which results in stone chipping of paint or glass. Hyundai Warranty Policy


===== PAGE 19 =====

Incidental or consequential damages, including without limitation, loss of time, inconvenience, loss of use of vehicle or commercial loss. This warranty is the entire warranty given by HMIL for Hyundai vehicles and no dealer or its or his agent or employee is authorized to extend or enlarge this warranty and no dealer or its or his agent or employee is authorized to make any oral warranty on HMIL's behalf. HMIL reserves the right to make any change in design or make any improvement on the vehicle at any time without any obligation to make the same change on vehicles previously sold. HMIL reserves the right for the final decision in all warranty matters. Owner's Responsibilities Proper use, maintenance and care of vehicle in accordance with the instructions contained in this Owner's Manual and Service Booklet. If the vehicle is subject to severe usage conditions, such as operation in extremely dusty, rough, more repeated short distance driving or heavy city traffic during hot weather, maintenance of vehicle should be done more frequently as mentioned in this Owner's Manual and Service Booklet. Retention of maintenance service records. It may be necessary for the customer to show that the required maintenance has been performed, as specified in this Owner's Manual and Service Booklet. Delivery of the vehicle during regular service business hours to any authorized Hyundai Dealer to obtain warranty service. In order to maintain the validity of this Basic Warranty, the vehicle must be serviced by Hyundai Authorized workshop in accordance to the Owner’s Manual and Service Booklet. Hyundai Motor India Limited hereinafter called "HMIL", warrants that each new Hyundai Genuine replacement part purchased from and installed by Hyundai Authorized Dealer shall be free from any defects in material or workmanship, under normal use and maintenance, subject to the following terms and conditions. 1. Warranty period This warranty shall exist for a period of 6 months or until the vehicle has been driven for a distance of 10,000 Kilometers from the date of installation of replacement part by Hyundai Authorized Dealer, whichever occurs first. 2. What is covered Except as provided in paragraph 3 hereof, our Authorized Dealer who had sold and installed the replacement part earlier shall either repair or replace the said Hyundai genuine part that is acknowledged by HMIL to be defective in material or workmanship within the warranty period stipuAudio Video Navigation System, Batteries, Tyres 7IRELESS#HARGER & Tubes and AudioSystems, originally equipped on Hyundai vehicles are warranted directly by the respective manufacturers and not by HMIL.


===== PAGE 20 =====

lated above, at no cost to the owner of the Hyundai vehicle for parts or labour. 3. What is not covered This warranty shall not apply to: Normal maintenance services of parts such as cleaning, adjustment or replacement (i.e. spark plugs that are oil fouled, lead fouled, or which fail due to the use of low grade fuel). Parts that fail due to abuse, misuse, neglect, alteration or accident or which have been improperly lubricated or repaired. Parts used in applications for which they were not designed or approved by HMIL. Failure due to normal wear of parts. Direct or indirect failures caused by misuse and improper maintenance of vehicle and installation of non-Hyundai parts on the vehicle. Any vehicle on which the odometer reading has been altered so that mileage cannot be accurately determined. Incidental or consequential damages, including without limitation, loss of time, inconvenience, loss of use of vehicle or commercial loss. This warranty is the entire warranty given by HMIL for Hyundai replacement parts and no dealer or its or his agent or employee is authorized to extend or enlarge this warranty and no dealer or its or his agent or employee is authorized to make any oral warranty on HMIL's behalf. HMIL reserves the right for the final decision in all warranty matters. Owner's Responsibilities Proper use, maintenance and care of the vehicle in accordance with the instructions contained in the Owner's Manual and Service Booklet. Retention of maintenance service records. It may be necessary for the customer to show that the required maintenance has been performed, as specified in this Owner's Manual and Service Booklet. Retention of the customer's copy of the original repair order and its invoice/bill against which the part was replaced. Delivery of the vehicle during regular service business hours to the same Hyundai Authorized Dealer who had sold and installed the replacement part. In order to maintain the validity of this Parts replacement Warranty, the vehicle must be serviced by Hyundai Authorized workshop in accordance the Owner’s Manual and Service Booklet. Hyundai Warranty Policy


===== PAGE 21 =====

(Subject to other terms of the warranty policy and the conditions and obligations laid down hereunder, Hyundai Motor India Limited herein-after called “HMIL”, certifies THECOMPONENTSLIABLETOAFFECT THEEMISSIONOFTHEGASEOUSPOLLUTANTS INTHEVEHICLEINNORMALUSEDESPITETHE USE TO WHICH IT MAY BE SUBJECTED , COMPLY WITH THE PROVISIONS OF 2ULE comply with the provisions of Rule  OF THE #ENTRAL -OTOR 6EHICLE 2ULES HEREINAFTERREFERREDTOAS THE h)N USE EMISSION STANDARDv AND FURTHERWARRANTSTHATIFONEXAMINATION BY A DEALER DULY AUTHORIZED BY (-), THE VEHICLE IS DISCOVERED TO BE FAILING TO MEET THE )N USE EMISSION STANDARD AS SPECIFIED IN THE SAID RULE OUR !UTHORIZED $EALER SHALL TAKE SUCH CORRECTIVE MEASURES MAY NECESSARY AND SHALL AT ITS SOLE DIS CRETIONEITHERREPAIRORREPLACEFREEOF CHARGE SUCHCOMPONENTSOFEMIS SION CONTROL SYSTEM AS ARE SPECIFIED IN PARAGRAPHHEREOF 1. Warranty period 2. What is covered Our Authorized Dealers shall either repair or replace, any Hyundai genuine part listed in paragraph 3 hereof, that is acknowledged by HMIL to be defective in material or workmanship within the warranty period stipulated above, after examinations carried out to confirm that none of the original settings have been tampered with, at no cost to the owner of the Hyundai vehicle for parts or labour. Such defective parts which have been replaced will become the property of HMIL. 3. Emission Warranty Parts List 3.1 Engine Control Module System • Engine Control Module • Crankshaft Position Sensor, Camshaft Position Sensor, Throttle Position Sensor, MAP Sensor, O2Sensor, IAT & ECT Sensor 3.2 Fuel Metering System • Fuel injectors • Fuel Pumps 3.3 Air Induction System • Air Cleaner Housing Assembly • Throttle Body • Intake Manifold • Idle Speed Control Actuator 3.4 Ignition System • H.T. Cable Set • Ignition Coil • Power Transistor • Distributor and internal parts 3.5 Evaporative Emission Control System • Vapour Storage Canister • Fuel Tank • Fuel Filler Tube and Fuel filler Cap (-),EXTENDSTHEFOLLOWING%MISSION 3TANDARDS FORYOUR6EHICLE )FYOUR6EHICLEIS0ETROL6ARIANT "36)STANDARDS/2 )FYOUR6EHICLEIS$IESEL6ARIANT "36)STANDARDS 4HIS WARRANTY WILL BE IN ADDITION TO AND RUNPARALLELTOTHE.EW6EHICLE 7ARRANTYANDSHALLEXISTFORAPERIOD MONTHS  KMS WHICHEVERISEARLIERFROMTHEDATEOF DELIVERYTOTHEFIRSTPURCHASER 4HIS WARRANTY TRANSFERABLE SUBSEQUENTOWNER FORTHEREMAINING 7ARRANTYPERIOD


===== PAGE 22 =====

• Purge Control Solenoid Valve • Canister Close Valve 3.6 PCV System • PCV Valve. • PCV Hoses • Oil Filler Cap 3.7 Catalytic Converter System • Exhaust Manifold • Exhaust Pipe Assembly • Catalytic Converter 3.Miscellaneous items used in above Systems • Vacuum hoses, clamps, fittings, tubing or mounting hardware used with the above systems. Valves, Switches and Solenoids. What is not covered This Emission Warranty shall not apply to: Normal maintenance services including without limitation, engine tuning, oil/fluid changes, filters replenishment, etc. Replacement of parts as a result of normal wear and tear such as spark plugs, filters, etc. The vehicle reported without valid ‘Pollution Under Control’ certificate for the period immediately preceding the test during which the failure is discovered. The vehicle which has been run on adulterated fuel or lubricant or fuel/lubricants other than those specified by HMIL. Damage or failure resulting from:  Negligence of proper maintenance as required in this Owner’s Manual and Service Booklet.  Misuse, abuse, accident, theft, flooding or fire.  Use of improper or insufficient fuel, fluids or lubricants.  Any repair carried out other than by Hyundai Authorized Dealer/ Service Centre.  Use of parts other than Hyundai Genuine Parts.  Any device and/or accessories not supplied by HMIL.  Modifications, alterations, tampering or improper repair.  Parts used in applications for which they were not designed or not approved by HMIL.  Any penalties that may be charged by statutory authorities on account of failure to comply with the In-use emission standards.  The vehicle in which the odometer has been tampered with, changed or been disconnected. Any consequential repairs or replacement of parts which may be found necessary to establish compliance to In-use emission standards, in addition to the replacement of the components covered under Emission Warranty, will not be made free of cost unless such parts are also found to be in warrantable condition within the scope and limit of the New Vehicle Warranty. Incidental or consequential damages, including without limitation, Hyundai Warranty Policy


===== PAGE 23 =====

HYUNDAI EXTENDED WARRANTY* HMIL offers optional paid extended warranty on selected models, in addition to the basic new vehicle warranty. For more details on Hyundai Extended Warranty please call the nearest dealer or our toll free number -11- *Conditions apply loss of time, inconvenience, loss of use of vehicle or commercial loss. This warranty is the entire warranty given by HMIL for Hyundai vehicles and no dealer or its or his agent or employee is authorized to extend or enlarge this warranty and no dealer or its or his agent or employee is authorized to make any oral warranty on HMIL’s behalf. HMIL reserves the right to make any change in design or make any improvement on the vehicle at any time without any obligation to make the same change on vehicles previously sold. HMIL reserves the right for the final decision in all warranty matters. OWNER'S RESPONSIBILITIES Proper use, maintenance and care of vehicle in accordance with the instructions contained in this Owner’s Manual and Service Booklet. If the vehicle is subject to severe usage conditions, such as operation in extremely dusty, rough, more repeated short distance driving or heavy city traffic during hot weather, maintenance of vehicle should be done more frequently as mentioned in this Owner’s Manual and Service Booklet. In order to maintain the validity of this Emission Warranty, the vehicle must be serviced by Hyundai Authorized Dealer or Service Centre in accordance to the Owner’s Manual and Service Booklet. Retention of maintenance service records. It may be necessary for the customer to show that the required maintenance has been performed, as specified in this Owner’s Manual and Service Booklet. Immediate Delivery of the vehicle to any authorized Hyundai Dealer upon discovery of failure to comply with the In-use emission standard inspite of proper use, maintenance and care of vehicle in accordance with the instructions contained in this Owner’s Manual and Service Booklet. Production of “Pollution Under Control" (PUC) certificate valid for the period immediately preceding the test during which the failure is discovered, the test having been carried out either for obtaining a new certificate, or pursuant upon being directed by an officer as referred to in sub-rule (2) of Rule 116 of the Central Motor Vehicles Rules.


===== PAGE 24 =====




===== PAGE 25 =====




===== PAGE 26 =====

1. Panorama sunroof .................................. 2. Front windshield wiper blades ................ 3. Outside rearview mirror.......................... 4. Door locks............................................... 5. Head lamp .............................................. 6. DRL (Daytime Running Light) ................ 7. Front fog lamp......................................... 8. Hood ....................................................... 9. Tires and wheels .................................... 10. Front ultrasonic sensors .....................  ■Front view The actual shape may differ from the illustration.


===== PAGE 27 =====

1. Antenna .................................................... 2. Rear window wiper blade ....................... 3. Fuel filler door......................................... 4. Towing hook............................................ 5. Rear combination lamp .......................... 6. Tailgate ................................................... 7. High mounted stop lamp ........................ 8. Rear view camera................................. 9. Rear ultrasonic sensors........................ OTLE018002 ■Rear view The actual shape may differ from the illustration.


===== PAGE 28 =====

1. Door lock/unlock button ...................... 2. Power window switches ...................... 3. Central door lock switch* .................... 4. Power window lock switch .................. 5. Outside rearview mirror control switch*................................................. 6. Outside rearview mirror folding button*................................................. 7. Headlight leveling device*................... 8. Instrument panel illumination control switch*..................................... 9. 4WD lock button*................................ 10. ESC OFF button ............................... 11. Power tailgate button*....................... 12. Fuse box........................................... 13. Steering wheel.................................. 14. Ignition switch ..................................... 15. Seat .................................................... 16. Hood release lever............................ 17. Brake pedal....................................... 18. Accelerator pedal * : if equipped  The actual shape may differ from the illustration.


===== PAGE 29 =====

1. Light control/Turn signals............................. 2. Steering wheel audio controls*...................... 3. Instrument cluster........................................ 4. Horn............................................................. 5. Driver’s front air bag .................................... 6. Wiper/Washer ............................................ 7. Auto cruise controls* ................................... 8. Engine start/stop button*............................... 9. Steering wheel tilt/telescope control* ............ 10. Audio/AVN*.................................................. 11. Hazard warning flasher switch .................... 12. Climate control system* ...............,  13. Power outlet............................................. 14. USB ............................................................. 15. Wireless cellular phone charging system* . 16. Shift lever................................................... 17. EPB switch*............................................... 18. Drive mode*............................................... 19. Auto hold button*....................................... 20. Parking Safety button...................,  21. DBC button*............................................... 22. Cup holder* ............................................. 23. Console box............................................. 24. Passenger’s front air bag* ......................... 25. Glove box................................................. 26. USB charger * : if equipped  The actual shape may differ from the illustration.


===== PAGE 30 =====

1. Engine coolant reservoir/ Radiator cap ..................................... 2. Brake fluid reservoir.......................... 3. Air cleaner......................................... 4. Engine oil dipstick............................. 5. Engine oil filler cap ........................... 6. Windshield washer fluid reservoir..... 7. Fuse box ........................................... 8. Battery .............................................. Petrol Engine (Nu 2.0 MPI)■ The actual engine room in the vehicle may differ from the illustration. OTLE079003I


===== PAGE 31 =====

1. Engine coolant reservoir/ Radiator cap ..................................... 2. Brake fluid reservoir.......................... 3. Air cleaner......................................... 4. Engine oil dipstick............................. 5. Engine oil filler cap ........................... 6. Windshield washer fluid reservoir..... 7. Fuse box ........................................... 8. Battery .............................................. 9. Fuel filter........................................... OTLE078001R The actual engine room in the vehicle may differ from the illustration. Diesel Engine (R 2.0 TCI)■


===== PAGE 32 =====

This chapter provides you with important information about how to protect yourself and your passengers. It explains how to properly use your seats and seat belts, and how your air bags work. Additionally, this chapter explains how to properly restrain infants and children in your vehicle.


===== PAGE 33 =====

You will find many safety precautions and recommendations throughout this section, and throughout this manual. The safety precautions in this section are among the most important. Always wear your seat belt A seat belt is your best protection in all types of accidents. Air bags are designed to supplement seat belts, not replace them. So even though your vehicle is equipped with air bags, ALWAYS make sure you and your passengers wear your seat belts, and wear them properly. Restrain all children All children under age 13 should ride in your vehicle properly restrained in a rear seat, not the front seat. Infants and small children should be restrained in an appropriate Child Restraint System. Larger children should use a booster seat with the lap/shoulder belt until they can use the seat belt properly without a booster seat. Air bag hazards While air bags can save lives, they can also cause serious or fatal injuries to occupants who sit too close to them, or who are not properly restrained. Infants, young children, and short adults are at the greatest risk of being injured by an inflating air bag. Follow all instructions and warnings in this manual. Driver distraction Driver distraction presents a serious and potentially deadly danger, especially for inexperienced drivers. Safety should be the first concern when behind the wheel and drivers need to be aware of the wide array of potential distractions, such as drowsiness, reaching for objects, eating, personal grooming, other passengers, and using cellular phones. Drivers can become distracted when they take their eyes and attention off the road or their hands off the wheel to focus on activities other than driving. To reduce your risk of distraction and an accident: • ALWAYS set up your mobile devices (i.e., MP3 players, phones, navigation units, etc.) when your vehicle is parked or safely stopped. • ONLY use your mobile device when allowed by laws and conditions permit safe use. NEVER text or email while driving. Most countries have laws prohibiting drivers from texting. Some countries and cities also prohibit drivers from using handheld phones.


===== PAGE 34 =====

• NEVER let the use of a mobile device distract you from driving. You have a responsibility to your passengers and others on the road to always drive safely, with your hands on the wheel as well as your eyes and attention on the road. Control your speed Excessive speed is a major factor in crash injuries and deaths. Generally, the higher the speed, the greater the risk, but serious injuries can also occur at lower speeds. Never drive faster than is safe for current conditions, regardless of the maximum speed posted. Keep your vehicle in safe condition Having a tire blowout or a mechanical failure can be extremely hazardous. To reduce the possibility of such problems, check your tire pressures and condition frequently, and perform all regularly scheduled maintenance.


===== PAGE 35 =====

Front seats (1) Forward and backward (2) Seatback angle (3) Seat cushion height (Driver’s seat) (4) Lumbar support (Driver’s seat) (5) Headrest Rear seats (6) Seatback angle and folding (7) Headrest (8) Armrest


===== PAGE 36 =====

Safety precautions Adjusting the seats so that you are sitting in a safe, comfortable position plays an important role in driver and passenger safety together with the seat belts and air bags in an accident. Air bags You can take steps to reduce the risk of being injured by an inflating air bag. Sitting too close to an air bag greatly increases the risk of injury in the event the air bag inflates. Move your seat as far back as possible from front air bags, while still maintaining control of the vehicle. rim with hands at the 9 o’clock and 3 o’clock positions to minimize the risk of injuries to your hands and arms. • NEVER place anything or anyone between the air bag. • Do not allow the front passenger to place feet or legs on the dashboard to minimize the risk of leg injuries. Do not use a cushion that reduces friction between the seat and the passenger. The passenger's hips may slide under the lap portion of the seat belt during an accident or a sudden stop. Serious or fatal internal injuries could result because the seat belt cannot operate properly. WARNING To reduce the risk of serious injury or death from an inflating air bag, take the following precautions: • Adjust the driver’s seat as far to the rear as possible while maintaining the ability to maintain full control of the vehicle. • Adjust the front passenger seat as far to the rear as possible. • Hold the steering wheel by the WARNING


===== PAGE 37 =====

Seat belts Always fasten your seat belt before starting any trip. At all times, passengers should sit upright and be properly restrained. Infants and small children must be restrained in appropriate Child Restraint Systems. Children who have outgrown a booster seat and adults must be restrained using the seat belts. Front seats The front seat can be adjusted by using the control switches located on the outside of the seat cushion. Before driving, adjust the seat to the proper position so that you can easily control the steering wheel, foot pedals and controls on the instrument panel. Take the following precautions when adjusting your seat belt: • NEVER use one seat belt for more than one occupant. • Always position the seatback upright with the lap portion of the seat belt snug and low across the hips. • NEVER allow children or small infants to ride in a passenger’s lap. • Do not route the seat belt across your neck, across sharp edges, or reroute the shoulder strap away from your body. • Do not allow the seat belt to become caught or jammed. WARNING Take the following precautions when adjusting your seat: • NEVER attempt to adjust the seat while the vehicle is moving. The seat could respond with unexpected movement and may cause loss of vehicle control resulting in an accident. • Do not place anything under the front seats. Loose objects in the driver’s foot area could interfere with the operation of the foot pedals, causing an accident. • Do not allow anything to interfere with the normal position and WARNING


===== PAGE 38 =====

Power adjustment The front seat can be adjusted by using the control switches located on the outside of the seat cushion. Before driving, adjust the seat to the proper position so that you can easily control the steering wheel, foot pedals and controls on the instrument panel. To prevent injury: • Do not adjust your seat while wearing your seat belt. Moving the seat cushion forward may cause strong pressure on your abdomen. • Do not allow your hands or fingers to get caught in the seat mechanisms while the seat is moving. CAUTION proper locking of the seatback. • Do not place a cigarette lighter on the floor or seat. When you operate the seat, gas may exit out of the lighter causing a fire. • Use extreme caution when picking small objects trapped under the seats or between the seat and the center console. Your hands might be cut or injured by the sharp edges of the seat mechanism. • If there are occupants in the rear seats, be careful while adjusting the front seat position. NEVER allow children in the vehicle unattended. The power seats are operable when the engine is turned off. WARNING


===== PAGE 39 =====

To prevent damage to the seats: • Always stop adjusting the seats when the seat has been adjusted as far forward or rearward as possible. • Do not adjust the seats longer than necessary when the engine is turned off. This may result in unnecessary battery drain. • Do not operate two or more seats at the same time. This may result in an electrical malfunction. Forward and rearward adjustment To move the seat forward or rearward: 1. Push the control switch forward or rearward. 2. Release the switch once the seat reaches the desired position. Seatback angle To recline the seatback: 1. Push the control switch forward or rearward. 2. Release the switch once the seatback reaches the desired position. NOTICE


===== PAGE 40 =====

Reclining seatback Sitting in a reclined position when the vehicle is in motion can be dangerous. Even when buckled up, the protections of your restraint system (seat belts and air bags) is greatly reduced by reclining your seatback. Seat belts must be snug against your hips and chest to work properly. When the seatback is reclined, the shoulder belt cannot do its job because it will not be snug against your chest. Instead, it will be in front of you. During an accident, you could be thrown into the seat belt, causing neck or other injuries. The more the seatback is reclined, the greater chance the passenger’s hips will slide under the lap belt or the passenger’s neck will strike the shoulder belt. Seat cushion angle (1) To change the angle of the front part of the seat cushion: Push the front portion of the control switch up to raise or down to lower the front part of the seat cushion. Release the switch once the seat reaches the desired position. NEVER ride with a reclined seatback when the vehicle is moving. Riding with a reclined seatback increases your chance of serious or fatal injuries in the event of a collision or sudden stop. Driver and passengers should ALWAYS sit well back in their seats, properly belted, and with the seatbacks upright. WARNING


===== PAGE 41 =====

Seat cushion height (2) To change the height of the seat cushion: Push the rear portion of the control switch up to raise or down to lower the height of the seat cushion. Release the switch once the seat reaches the desired position. Lumbar support (for driver’s seat) • The lumbar support can be adjusted by pressing the lumbar support switch. • Press the front portion of the switch (1) to increase support or the rear portion of the switch (2) to decrease support. Seatback pocket The seatback pocket is provided on the back of the front seatbacks.  OTLE035008R


===== PAGE 42 =====

Rear seats Folding the rear seat The rear seatbacks can be folded to facilitate carrying long items or to increase the luggage capacity of the vehicle. To fold down the rear seatback: 1. Set the front seatback to the upright position and if necessary, slide the front seat forward. 2. Lower the rear head restraints to the lowest position. Do not put heavy or sharp objects in the seatback pockets. In an accident they could come loose from the pocket and injure occupants. CAUTION • Never allow passengers to sit on top of the folded down seatback while the vehicle is moving. This is not a proper seating position and no seat belts are available for use. This could result in serious injury or death in case of an accident or sudden stop. • Objects carried on the folded down seatback should not extend higher than the top of the front seatbacks. This could allow cargo to slide forward and cause injury or damage during sudden stops. WARNING


===== PAGE 43 =====

3. Insert the rear seat belt buckle in the pocket between the rear seatback and cushion, and insert the rear seat belt webbing in the guide to prevent the seat belt from being damaged. 4. Lift up the front portion of the seatback folding lever, then fold the seat toward the front of the vehicle. When you return the seatback to its upright position, always be sure it has locked into position by pushing on the top of the seatback. 5. To use the rear seat, lift and push the seatback rearward by lifting up the front portion of the folding lever. Push the seatback firmly until it clicks into place. Make sure the seatback is locked in place.


===== PAGE 44 =====

Armrest The armrest is located in the center of the rear seat. Pull the armrest down from the seatback to use it. Do not place objects in the rear seats, since they cannot be properly secured and may hit vehicle occupants in a collision causing serious injury or death. WARNING When returning the rear seatback from a folded to an upright position, hold the seatback and return it slowly. Ensure that the seatback is completely locked into its upright position by pushing on the top of the seatback. In an accident or sudden stop, the unlocked seatback could allow cargo to move forward with great force and enter the passenger compartment, which could result in serious injury or death. WARNING  Make sure the engine is off, the shift lever is in P (Park), and the parking brake is securely applied whenever loading or unloading cargo. Failure to take these steps may allow the vehicle to move if the shift lever is inadvertently moved to another position. WARNING


===== PAGE 45 =====

Cup holder To use the center cup holder, pull down the armrest. Headrest The vehicle’s front and rear seats have adjustable headrests. The headrests provide comfort for passengers, but more importantly they are designed to help protect passengers from whiplash and other neck and spinal injuries during an accident, especially in a rear impact collision. To reduce the risk of serious injury or death in an accident, take the following precautions when adjusting your headrests: • Always properly adjust the headrests for all passengers BEFORE starting the vehicle. • NEVER let anyone ride in a seat with the headrest removed. Adjust the headrests so the middle of the headrests is at the same height as the height of the top of the eyes. • NEVER adjust the headrest position of the driver’s seat when the vehicle is in motion. • Adjust the headrest as close to the passenger’s head as possible. Do not use a seat cushion that holds the body away from the seatback. • Make sure the headrest locks into position after adjusting it. WARNING OLF034072N


===== PAGE 46 =====

To prevent damage, NEVER hit or pull on the headrests. Front seat headrests The driver’s and front passenger’s seats are equipped with adjustable headrests for the passengers safety and comfort. Forward and rearward adjustment The headrest may be adjusted forward to 3 different positions by pulling the headrest forward to the desired detent. To adjust the headrest to it’s furthest rearwards position, pull it fully forward to the farthest position and release it. NOTICE When there is no occupant in the rear seats, adjust the height of the headrest to the lowest position. The rear seat headrest can reduce the visibility of the rear area. CAUTION OLMB033009


===== PAGE 47 =====

Adjusting the height up and down To raise the headrest: 1. Pull it up to the desired position (1). To lower the headrest: 1. Push and hold the release button (2) on the headrest support. 2. Lower the headrest to the desired position (3). If you recline the seatback towards the front with the headrest and seat cushion raised, the headrest may come in contact with the sunvisor or other parts of the vehicle. Removal/Reinstall To remove the headrest: 1. Recline the seatback (2) with using the seatback angle lever or switch NOTICE OLF034015  Type A■ OTLE035011R Type B■


===== PAGE 48 =====

2. Raise headrest as far as it can go. 3. Press the headrest release button (3) while pulling the headrest up (4). To reinstall the headrest : 1. Recline the seatback. 2. Put the headrest poles (2) into the holes while pressing the release button (1). 3. Adjust the headrest to the appropriate height. 4. Recline the seatback (4) with the seatback angle lever or switch (3). NEVER allow anyone to travel in a seat with the headrest removed. WARNING Always make sure the headrest locks into position after reinstalling and adjusting it properly. WARNING  Type A■ OTLE035013R Type B■


===== PAGE 49 =====

Rear seat headrests The rear seats are equipped with headrests in all the seating positions for the passenger’s safety and comfort. Adjusting the height up and down To raise the headrest: 1. Pull it up to the desired position (1). To lower the headrest: 1. Push and hold the release button (2) on the headrest support. 2. Lower the headrest to the desired position (3).  OLMB033016


===== PAGE 50 =====

This section describes how to use the seat belts properly. It also describes some of the things not to do when using seat belts. Seat belt safety precautions Always fasten your seat belt and make sure all passengers have fastened their seat belts before starting any trip. Air bags (if equipped) are designed to supplement the seat belt as an additional safety device, but they are not a substitute. Most countries require all occupants of a vehicle to wear seat belts. Seat belts must be used by ALL passengers whenever the vehicle is moving. Take the following precautions when adjusting and wearing seat belts: • ALWAYS properly restrain children under age 13 in the rear seats. • NEVER allow children to ride in the front passenger seat. If a child age 13 or older must be seated in the front seat, move the seat as far back as possible and properly restrain them in the seat. • NEVER allow an infant or child to be carried on an occupant’s lap. • NEVER ride with the seatback reclined when the vehicle is moving. • Do not allow children to share a seat or seat belt. WARNING • Do not wear the shoulder belt under your arm or behind your back. • Never wear a seat belt over fragile objects. If there is a sudden stop or impact, the seat belt can damage it. • Do not use the seat belt if it is twisted. A twisted seat belt will not protect you properly in an accident. • Do not use a seat belt if the webbing or hardware is damaged. • Do not latch the seat belt into the buckles of other seats. • NEVER unfasten the seat belt while driving. This may cause loss of vehicle control resulting in an accident. • Make sure there is nothing in the buckle interfering with the seat belt latch mechanism. This may prevent the seat belt from fastening securely. • No modifications or additions


===== PAGE 51 =====

Seat belt warning light Seat belt warning Driver’s seat belt warning As a reminder to the driver, the seat belt warning light will illuminate for approximately 6 seconds each time you turn the ignition switch ON regardless of belt fastening. If the driver’s seat belt is unfastened after the ignition switch is ON, the seat belt warning light illuminates until the belt is fastened. If you continue not to fasten the seat belt and you drive over 9km/h, the illuminated warning light will start to blink until you drive under 6km/h. (if equipped) If you continue not to fasten the seat belt and you drive over 20km/h the seat belt warning chime will sound for approximately 100 seconds and the corresponding warning light will blink. (if equipped) Damaged seat belts and seat belt assemblies will not operate properly. Always replace: • Frayed, contaminated, or damaged webbing. • Damaged hardware. • The entire seat belt assembly after it has been worn in an accident, even if damage to webbing or assembly is not apparent. WARNING should be made by the user which will either prevent the seat belt adjusting devices from operating to remove slack, or prevent the seat belt assembly from being adjusted to remove slack. OTLE035100R For driver in instrument cluster■


===== PAGE 52 =====

Front passenger’s seat belt warning As a reminder to the front passenger, the front passenger’s seat belt warning lights will illuminate for approximately 6 seconds each time you turn the ignition switch ON regardless of belt fastening. If the front passenger’s seat belt is not fastened when the ignition switch is turned ON or if it is disconnected after the ignition switch is turned ON, the corresponding seat belt warning light will illuminate until the belt is fastened. If you continue not to fasten the seat belt and you drive over 9km/h, the illuminated warning light will start to blink until you drive under 6km/h. If you continue not to fasten the seat belt and you drive over 20km/h the seat belt warning chime will sound for approximately 100 seconds and the corresponding warning light will blink. Information • You can find the front passenger’s seat belt warning light on the centre fascia panel. • Although the front passenger seat is not occupied, the seat belt warning light will blink or illuminate for 6 seconds. • The front passenger's seat belt warning may operate when luggage is placed on the front passenger seat. Seat belt restraint system Lap/shoulder belt To fasten your seat belt: Pull it out of the retractor and insert the metal tab (1) into the buckle (2). There will be an audible "click" when the tab locks into the buckle. OTLE035082R Riding in an improper position adversely affects the front passenger's seat belt warning system. It is important for the driver to instruct the passenger to properly be seated as instructed in this manual. WARNING OJS038068AU


===== PAGE 53 =====

You should place the lap belt (1) portion across your hips and the shoulder belt (2) portion across your chest. The seat belt automatically adjusts to the proper length after the lap belt portion is adjusted manually so that it fits snugly around your hips. If you lean forward in a slow, easy motion, the belt will extend and move with you. If there is a sudden stop or impact, the belt will lock into position. It will also lock if you try to lean forward too quickly. If you are not able to smoothly pull enough of the seat belt out from the retractor, firmly pull the seat belt out and release it. After release, you will be able to pull the belt out smoothly. Height adjustment You can adjust the height of the shoulder belt anchor to one of the four different positions for maximum comfort and safety. The shoulder portion should be adjusted so it lies across your chest and midway over your shoulder nearest the door, not over your neck. To adjust the height of the seat belt anchor, lower or raise the height NOTICE • Position the lap portion of the seat belt as low as possible across your hips, not on your waist, so that it fits snugly. This allows your strong pelvic bones to absorb the force of the crash, reducing the chance of internal injuries. • Position one arm under the shoulder belt and the other over the belt, as shown in the illustration. • Always position the shoulder belt anchor into locked position at the appropriate height. • Never position the shoulder belt across your neck or face. Improperly positioned seat belts may increase the risk of serious injury in an accident. Take the following precautions when adjusting the seat belt: WARNING OTM038098R OJS038069AU


===== PAGE 54 =====

adjuster into an appropriate position. To raise the height adjuster, pull it up (1). To lower it, push it down (3) while pressing the height adjuster button (2). Release the button to lock the anchor into position. Try sliding the height adjuster to make sure that it has locked into position. To release your seat belt: Press the release button (1) in the locking buckle. When it is released, the belt should automatically draw back into the retractor. If this does not happen, check the belt to be sure it is not twisted, then try again. Rear center seatbelt To fasten your seatbelt: 1.Extract the tongue plate (A) from the hole on the belt assembly cover.  Front seat■ OJS038070AU OTLE035079


===== PAGE 55 =====

2.Insert the tongue plate (A) into the buckle (A’) until an audible “click" is heard, indicating the latch is locked. Make sure the belt is not twisted. 3. Pull out the tongue plate (B) from the pocket (C). 4. Pull the tongue plate (B) and insert it into the buckle (B’) until an audible “click” is heard, indicating the latch is locked. Make sure the belt is not twisted. When using the rear center seat belt, the buckle with the “CENTER” mark must be used. Information If you are not able to pull out the safety belt from the retractor, firmly pull the belt out and release it. After release, you will be able to pull the belt out smoothly. OTLE035028 OTLE035027 OTLE035080


===== PAGE 56 =====

To release your seatbelt: 1.Press the release button on the buckle (B’) and remove the tongue plate (B). 2. Insert the tongue plate (B) into the pocket (C) 3. To retract the rear center seatbelt, insert the tongue plate into the web release hole (A' ). Pull up on the seat belt web and allow the webbing to retract automatically. 4. Insert the tongue plate (A) into the hole on the belt assembly cover. OTLE035078  OTLE035032 OTLE035106


===== PAGE 57 =====

Stowing the rear seat belt The rear seat belt buckles can be stowed in the pocket between the rear seatback and cushion when not in use. Pre-tensioner seat belt (Driver and front passenger) Your vehicle is equipped with driver's and front passenger's Pre-tensioner Seat Belts. The purpose of the pretensioner is to make sure the seat belts fit tightly against the occupant's body in certain frontal collisions. The pre-tensioner seat belts may be activated in crashes where the frontal collision is severe enough, together with the air bags. When the vehicle stops suddenly, or if the occupant tries to lean forward too quickly, the seat belt retractor will lock into position. In certain frontal collisions, the pre-tensioner will activate and pull the seat belt into tighter contact against the occupant's body. Retractor Pretensioner The purpose of the retractor pretensioner is to make sure that the shoulder belts fit in tightly against the occupant's upper body in certain frontal collisions. If the system senses excessive tension on the driver or passenger's seat belt when the pre-tensioner system activates, the load limiter inside the retractor pre-tensioner will release some of the pressure on the affected seat belt. OIB034039 OLMB033037


===== PAGE 58 =====

The Pre-Tensioner Seat Belt System consists mainly of the following components. Their locations are shown in the illustration above: (1) SRS air bag warning light (2) Retractor pre-tensioner (3) SRS control module • Always wear your seat belt and sit properly in your seat. • Do not use the seat belt if it is loose or twisted. A loose or twisted seat belt will not protect you properly in an accident. • Do not place anything near the buckle. This may adversely affect the buckle and cause it to function improperly. • Always replace your pre-tensioners after activation or an accident. • NEVER inspect, service, repair or replace the pre-tensioners yourself. This must be done by an authorized HYUNDAI dealer. • Do not hit the seat belt assemblies. WARNING Do not touch the pre-tensioner seat belt assemblies for several minutes after they have been activated. When the pre-tensioner seat belt mechanism deploys during a collision, the pre-tensioner can become hot and can burn you. WARNING Body work on the front area of the vehicle may damage the pre-tensioner seat belt system. Therefore, we recommend that the system be serviced by an authorized HYUNDAI dealer. CAUTION 8KMB3311


===== PAGE 59 =====

The sensor that activates the SRS air bag is connected with the pre–tensioner seat belts. The SRS air bag warning light on the instrument panel will illuminate for approximately 6 seconds after the ignition switch is placed to the ON position, and then it should turn off. If the pre-tensioner is not working properly, the warning light will illuminate even if the SRS air bag is not malfunctioning. If the warning light does not illuminate, stays illuminated or illuminates when the vehicle is being driven, we recommend the pretensioner seat belts and/or SRS air bags be inspected by an authorized HYUNDAI dealer as soon as possible. Information • Both the driver's and front passenger's pre-tensioner seat belts may be activated in certain frontal or side collisions. • The pre-tensioners will be activated even if the seat belts are not worn at the time of the collision. • When the pre-tensioner seat belts are activated, a loud noise may be heard and fine dust, which may appear to be smoke, may be visible in the passenger compartment. These are normal operating conditions and are not hazardous. • Although it is non-toxic, the fine dust may cause skin irritation and should not be breathed for prolonged periods. Wash all exposed skin areas thoroughly after an accident in which the pre-tensioner seat belts were activated. Additional seat belt safety precautions Seat belt use during pregnancy The seat belt should always be used during pregnancy. The best way to protect your unborn child is to protect yourself by always wearing the seat belt. Pregnant women should always wear a lap-shoulder seat belt. Place the shoulder belt across your chest, routed between your breasts and away from your neck. Place the lap belt below your belly so that it fits SNUGLY across your hips and pelvic bone, under the rounded part of the belly. NOTICE To reduce the risk of serious injury or death to an unborn child during an accident, pregnant women should NEVER place the lap portion of the seat belt above or over the area of the abdomen where the unborn child is located. WARNING


===== PAGE 60 =====

Seat belt use and children Infant and small children Most countries have Child Restraint System laws which require children to travel in approved Child Restraint System devices, including booster seats. The age at which seat belts can be used instead of Child Restraint System differs among countries, so you should be aware of the specific requirements in your country, and where you are travelling. Infant and Child Restraint System must be properly placed and installed in a rear seat. For more details, refer to the “Child Restraint Systems” in this chapter. Small children are best protected from injury in an accident when properly restrained in the rear seat by a Child Restraint System that meets the requirements of the Safety Standards of your country. Before buying any Child Restraint System, make sure that it has a label certifying that it meets Safety Standard of your country. The restraint must be appropriate for your child's height and weight. Check the label on the Child Restraint System for this information. Refer to “Child Restraint Systems” in this chapter. ALWAYS properly restrain infants and small children in a Child Restraint System appropriate for the child’s height and weight. To reduce the risk of serious injury or death to a child and other passengers, NEVER hold a child in your lap or arms when the vehicle is moving. The violent forces created during an accident will tear the child from your arms and throw the child against the interior of the vehicle. WARNING


===== PAGE 61 =====

Larger children Children under age 13 and who are too large for a booster seat must always occupy the rear seat and use the available lap/shoulder belts. A seat belt should lie across the upper thighs and be snug across the shoulder and chest to restrain the child safely. Check belt fit periodically. A child's squirming could put the belt out of position. Children are afforded the most safety in the event of an accident when they are restrained by a proper restraint system and/or seat belts in the rear seat. If a larger child over age 13 must be seated in the front seat, the child must be securely restrained by the available lap/shoulder belt and the seat should be placed in the rearmost position. If the shoulder belt portion slightly touches the child’s neck or face, try placing the child closer to the center of the vehicle. If the shoulder belt still touches their face or neck, they need to be returned to an appropriate booster seat in the rear seat. Seat belt use and injured people A seat belt should be used when an injured person is being transported. Consult a physician for specific recommendations. One person per belt Two people (including children) should never attempt to use a single seat belt. This could increase the severity of injuries in case of an accident. Do not lie down Sitting in a reclined position when the vehicle is in motion can be dangerous. Even when buckled up, the protections of your restraint system (seat belts and/or air bags) is greatly reduced by reclining your seatback. Seat belts must be snug against your hips and chest to work properly. During an accident, you could be thrown into the seat belt, causing neck or other injuries. The more the seatback is reclined, the greater chance the passenger’s hips will slide under the lap belt or the passenger’s neck will strike the shoulder belt. • Always make sure larger children’s seat belts are worn and properly adjusted. • NEVER allow the shoulder belt to contact the child’s neck or face. • Do not allow more than one child to use a single seat belt. WARNING


===== PAGE 62 =====

Care of seat belts Seat belt systems should never be disassembled or modified. In addition, care should be taken to assure that seat belts and belt hardware are not damaged by seat hinges, doors or other abuse. Periodic inspection All seat belts should be inspected periodically for wear or damage of any kind. Any damaged parts should be replaced as soon as possible. Keep belts clean and dry Seat belts should be kept clean and dry. If belts become dirty, they can be cleaned by using a mild soap solution and warm water. Bleach, dye, strong detergents or abrasives should not be used because they may damage and weaken the fabric. When to replace seat belts The entire seat belt assembly or assemblies should be replaced if the vehicle has been involved in an accident. This should be done even if no damage is visible. We recommend that you consult an authorized HYUNDAI dealer. • NEVER ride with a reclined seatback when the vehicle is moving. • Riding with a reclined seatback increases your chance of serious or fatal injuries in the event of a collision or sudden stop. • Driver and passengers should always sit well back in their seats, properly belted, and with the seatbacks upright. WARNING


===== PAGE 63 =====

Children always in the rear Children under age 13 must always ride in the rear seats and must always be properly restrained to minimize the risk of injury in an accident, sudden stop or sudden maneuver. According to accident statistics, children are safer when properly restrained in the rear seats than in the front seat. Children too large for a Child Restraint System must use the seat belts provided. Most countries have Child Restraint Systems which require children to travel in approved Child Restraint Systems. The laws governing the age or height/weight restrictions at which seat belts can be used instead of Child Restraint System differs among countries, so you should be aware of the specific requirements in your country, and where you are travelling. Child Restraint Systems must be properly placed and installed in the rear seat. You must use a commercially available Child Restraint System that meets the requirements of the Safety Standards of your country. Child Restraint Systems are generally designed to be secured in a vehicle seat by lap belt or the lap belt portion of a lap/shoulder belt, or by a top-tether and/or ISOFIX anchorage in the rear seats of the vehicle. Child Restraint System (CRS) always in the rear Infants and younger children must be restrained in an appropriate rearwardfacing or forward-facing CRS that has first been properly secured to the rear seat of the vehicle. Read and comply with the instructions for installation and use provided by the manufacturer of the Child Restraint System. • Always follow the Child Restraint System manufacturer’s instructions for installation and use. • Always properly restrain your child in the Child Restraint System. • Do not use an infant carrier or a child safety seat that “hooks” over a seatback, it may not provide adequate protection in an accident. • After an accident, we recommend a HYUNDAI dealer check the Child Restraint System, seat belts, ISOFIX anchorages and top-tether anchorages. WARNING Always properly restrain children in the rear seats of the vehicle, unless the air bag on the front passenger seat is deactivated. Children of all ages are safer when restrained in the rear seat. A child riding in the front passenger seat can be forcefully struck by an inflating air bag resulting in SERIOUS INJURY or DEATH. WARNING


===== PAGE 64 =====

Selecting a Child Restraint System (CRS) When selecting a CRS for your child, always: • Make sure the CRS has a label certifying that it meets applicable Safety Standards of your country. • Select a Child Restraint System based on your child’s height and weight. The required label or the instructions for use typically provide this information. • Select a Child Restraint System that fits the vehicle seating position where it will be used. • Read and comply with the warnings and instructions for installation and use provided with the Child Restraint System. Child Restraint System types There are three main types of Child Restraint Systems: rearward-facing seats, forward-facing seats, and booster seats. They are classified according to the child’s age, height and weight. Rearward-facing Child Restraint System A rearward-facing Child Restraint System provides restraint with the seating surface against the back of the child. The harness system holds the child in place, and in an accident, acts to keep the child positioned in the Child Restraint Systems and reduce the stress to the fragile neck and spinal cord. OLMB033041


===== PAGE 65 =====

All children under the age of one year must always ride in a rearward-facing Child Restraint System. There are different types of rearward-facing Child Restraint Systems: infant-only Child Restraint Systems can only be used rearward-facing. Convertible and 3-in1 Child Restraint Systems typically have higher height and weight limits for the rearward-facing position, allowing you to keep your child rearwardfacing for a longer period of time. Keep using Child Restraint Systems in the rearward-facing position as long as children fit within the height and weight limits allowed by the Child Restraint System's manufacturer. Forward-facing Child Restraint System A forward-facing Child Restraint System provides restraint for the child’s body with a harness. Keep children in a forward-facing Child Restraint System with a harness until they reach the top height or weight limit allowed by your Child Restraint System’s manufacturer. Once your child outgrows the forwardfacing Child Restraint System, your child is ready for a booster seat. Booster seats A booster seat is Child Restraint System designed to improve the fit of the vehicle’s seat belt system. A booster seat positions the seat belt so that it fits properly over the stronger parts of your child’s body. Keep your children in booster seats until they are big enough to fit in a seat belt properly. For a seat belt to fit properly, the lap belt must lie comfortable across the upper thighs, not the stomach. The shoulder belt should lie comfortable across the shoulder and chest and not across the neck or face. Children under age 13 must always be properly restrained to minimize the risk of injury in an accident, sudden stop or sudden maneuver. OLF034033R


===== PAGE 66 =====

Installing a Child Restraint System (CRS) After selecting a proper Child Restraint System and checking that the Child Restraint System fits properly in the rear of this vehicle, you are ready to install the Child Restraint System according to the manufacturer’s instruction. There are three general steps in installing the Child Restraint Systems properly: Properly secure the Child Restraint• System to the vehicle. All Child Restraint System must be secured to the vehicle with the lap belt or lap part of a lap/shoulder belt or with the ISOFIX top-tether and/or ISOFIX anchorage. Make sure the Child Restraint• System is firmly secured. After installing a Child Restraint System to the vehicle, push and pull the seat forward and from side-to-side to verify that it is securely attached to the seat. A Child Restraint System secured with a seat belt should be installed as firmly as possible. However, some side-toside movement can be expected. When installing a Child Restraint System, adjust the vehicle seat (up and down, forward and rearward) so that your child fits in the Child Restraint System in a comfortable manner. Secure the child in the Child• Restraint System. Make sure the child is properly strapped in the Child Restraint System according to the Child Restraint System manufacturer’s instructions. Before installing your Child Restraint System always: Read and follow the instructions provided by the manufacturer of the Child Restraint System. Failure to follow all warnings and instructions could increase the risk of the SERIOUS INJURY or DEATH if an accident occurs. WARNING If the vehicle headrest prevents proper installation of a Child Restraint System, the headrest of the respective seating position shall be readjusted or entirely removed. WARNING A Child Restraint System in a closed vehicle can become very hot. To prevent burns, check the seating surface and buckles before placing your child in the Child Restraint System. CAUTION


===== PAGE 67 =====

ISOFIX anchorage and top-tether anchorage (ISOFIX anchorages system) for children The ISOFIX system holds a Child Restraint System during driving and in an accident. This system is designed to make installation of the Child Restraint System easier and reduce the possibility of improperly installing your Child Restraint System. The ISOFIX system uses anchors in the vehicle and attachments on the Child Restraint System. The ISOFIX system eliminates the need to use seat belts to secure the Child Restraint System to the rear seats. ISOFIX anchorages are metal bars built into the vehicle. There are two lower anchors for each ISOFIX seating position that will accommodate a Child Restraint System with lower attachments. To use the ISOFIX system in your vehicle, you must have a Child Restraint System with ISOFIX attachments. (An ISOFIX Child Restraint System may only be installed if it has vehicle-specific or universal approval in accordance with the requirements of ECE-R44 or ECE-R129.) The Child Restraint System manufacturer will provide you with instructions on how to use the Child Restraint System with its attachments for the ISOFIX anchorages. ISOFIX anchorages have been provided in the left and right outboard rear seating positions. Their locations are shown in the illustration. There are no ISOFIX anchorages provided for the center rear seating position. OTLE035101R


===== PAGE 68 =====

The ISOFIX anchorages symbols are located on the left and right rear seat cushions to identify the position of the ISOFIX anchorages in your vehicle (see arrows in illustration). Both rear outboard seats are equipped with a pair of ISOFIX anchorages as well as a corresponding top-tether anchorage on the back side of the rear seats. (Child Restraint Systems with universal approval according to ECE-R44 or ECE-R129 need to be fixed additionally with a top-tether connected to the back side of the rear seats.) ISOFIX anchorages are located between the seatback and the seat cushion of the rear seat left and right outboard seating positions. To use the ISOFIX anchorages, push the upper portion of the ISOFIX anchorage cover. Do not attempt to install a Child Restraint System using ISOFIX anchorages in the rear center seating position. There are no ISOFIX anchorages provided for this seat. Using the outboard seat anchorages, for the CRS installation on the rear center seating position, can damage the anchorages. WARNING OTLE035036 ISOFIX Anchorage Position Indicator ISOFIX Lower Anchorage


===== PAGE 69 =====

Securing a Child Restraint System with the “ISOFIX Anchorage System” To install a ISOFIX-compatible Child Restraint System in either of the rear outboard seating positions: 1. Move the seat belt buckle away from the ISOFIX anchorages. 2. Move any other objects away from the anchors that could prevent a secure connection between the Child Restraint System and the ISOFIX anchorages. 3. Place the Child Restraint System on the vehicle seat, then attach the seat to the ISOFIX anchorages according to the instructions provided by the Child Restraint System manufacturer. 4. Follow the instructions of the Child Restraint System's manufacturer for proper installation and connection of the ISOFIX attachments on the Child Restraint System to the ISOFIX anchorages. Take the following precautions when using the ISOFIX system: • Read and follow all installation instructions provided with your Child Restraint System. • To prevent the child from reaching and taking hold of unretracted seat belts, buckle all unused rear seat belts and retract the seat belt webbing behind the child. Children can be strangled if a shoulder belt becomes wrapped around their neck and the seat belt tightens. • NEVER attach more than one Child Restraint System to a single anchorage. This could cause the anchor or attachment to come loose or break. • Always have the ISOFIX system inspected by your dealer after an accident. An accident can damage the ISOFIX system and may not properly secure the Child Restraint System. WARNING


===== PAGE 70 =====

Securing a Child Restraint System seat with “Top-tether Anchorage” system Child Restraint hook holders are located on the rear of the seatbacks. 1. Route the Child Restraint System seat strap over the seatback. For vehicles with adjustable headrest, route the tether strap under the headrest and between the headrest posts, otherwise route the tether strap over the top of the seatback. 2. Connect the top-tether to the toptether anchorage, then tighten the top-tether according to the instructions of your Child Restraint System's manufacturer to firmly attach the Child Restraint System to the seat. OTLE035087  Take the following precautions when installing the top-tether: • Read and follow all installation instructions provided with your Child Restraint System. • NEVER attach more than one Child Restraint System to a single ISOFIX top-tether anchorage. This could cause the anchorage or attachment to come loose or break. • Do not attach the top-tether to anything other than the correct top-tether anchorage. It may not work properly if attached to something else. • Child Restraint anchorages are designed to withstand only those loads imposed by correctly fitted Child Restraint System. Under no circumstances are they to be used for adult seat belts or harnesses or for attaching other items or equipment to the vehicle. WARNING


===== PAGE 71 =====

Child Seat Restraint for Vehicle ISOFIX Positions Suitability of each seating position for ISOFIX Child Restraint Systems according to ECE regulations. IUF = suitable for ISOFIX forward child restraints systems of universal category approved for use in the mass group. IL = suitable for particular ISOFIX child restraints systems (CRS) given in the attached list. These ISOFIX CRS are those of the "specific vehicle", "restricted" or "semi-universal" categories. X = ISOFIX position not suitable for ISOFIX child restraint system in this mass group and/or this size class. * Both ISO/R2 and ISO/R3 are able to be set up only at the foremost position of the passenger seat. * ISOFIX Child Restraint System size classes and fixtures A - ISO/F3: Full-Height Forward-Facing toddler CRS (height 720mm) B - ISO/F2: Reduced-Height Forward-Facing toddler CRS (height B1 - ISO/F2X: Reduced-Height Second Version Back Surface Shape Forward-Facing toddler CRS (height 650mm) C - ISO/R3: Full-Size Rearward-Facing toddler CRS D - ISO/R2: Reduced-Size Rearward-Facing toddler CRS E - ISO/R1: Infant-Size Rearward-Facing CRS F - ISO/L1: Left Lateral Facing position CRS (carry-cot) G - ISO/L2: Right Lateral Facing position CRS (carry-cot) Mass Group Size Class Fixture Vehicle ISOFIX Positions 2nd row Passenger Left Hand Center Right Hand Carrycot ISO/L1 ISO/L2 0 : UP to 10kg ISO/R1 0+ : UP to 13kg ISO/R1 ISO/R2 ISO/R3 I : 9 to 18kg ISO/R2 ISO/R3 ISO/F2 IUF, IL IUF, IL ISO/F2X IUF, IL IUF, IL ISO/F3 IUF, IL IUF, IL


===== PAGE 72 =====

Securing a Child Restraint System with a lap/shoulder belt When not using the ISOFIX system, all Child Restraint Systems must be secured to a rear seat with the lap part of a lap/shoulder belt. Installing a Child Restraint System with a lap/shoulder belt To install a Child Restraint System on the rear seats, do the following: 1. Place the Child Restraint System on a rear seat and route the lap/ shoulder belt around or through the restraint, following the restraint manufacturer’s instructions. Make sure the seat belt webbing is not twisted. Information When using the rear center seat belt, you should also refer to the “3-point Rear Center Seat Belt” in this chapter. OLMB033044


===== PAGE 73 =====

2. Fasten the lap/shoulder belt latch into the buckle. Listen for the distinct “click” sound. Information Position the release button so that it is easy to access in case of an emergency. 3. Remove as much slack from the belt as possible by pushing down on the Child Restraint System while feeding the shoulder belt back into the retractor. 4. Push and pull on the Child Restraint System to confirm that the seat belt is holding it firmly in place. If your CRS manufacturer instructs or recommends you use a ISOFIX toptether anchorage with the lap/shoulder belt, see page . To remove the Child Restraint System, press the release button on the buckle and then pull the lap/shoulder belt out of the restraint and allow the seat belt to retract fully. OLMB033045 OLMB033046


===== PAGE 74 =====

Child Seat Restraint Suitability for Seat Position using the Seat Belt Suitability of each seating position for "universal" category belted Child Restraint Systems according to ECE regulations Use Child Restraint Systems that have been officially approved and are appropriate for your children. When using the Child Restraint Systems, refer to the following table. U = Suitable for "universal" category restraints approved for use in this mass group UF = Suitable for forward facing "universal" category restraints approved for use in this mass group B = Built-in restraint approved for this mass group. X = Seat position not suitable for children in this mass group. Mass Group Seating Position Co Driver Second Row Outboard Left Center Outboard Right Group 0 (0-9months) up to 10kg Group 0 + (0-2years) up to 13kg Group I (9months-4years) 9 to 18kg Group II (15 to 25kg) 15 to 25kg Group III (22 to 36kg) 22 to 36kg


===== PAGE 75 =====

The actual air bags in the vehicle may differ from the illustration. 1. Driver’s front air bag 2. Passenger’s front air bag 3. Side air bag 4. Curtain air bag


===== PAGE 76 =====

The vehicles are equipped with a Supplemental Air Bag System for the driver’s seat and front passenger’s seats. The front air bags are designed to supplement the three-point seat belts. For these air bags to provide protection, the seat belts must be worn at all times when driving. You can be severely injured or killed in an accident if you are not wearing a seat belt. Air bags are designed to supplement seat belts, but do not replace them. Also, air bags are not designed to deploy in every collision. In some accidents, the seat belts are the only restraint protecting you. AIR BAG SAFETY PRECAUTIONS ALWAYS use seat belts and Child Restraint System - every trip, every time, everyone! Even with air bags, you can be seriously injured or killed in a collision if you are improperly belted or not wearing your seat belt when the air bag inflates. NEVER place a child in any Child Restraint System or booster seat in the front passenger seat. An inflating air bag could forcefully strike the infant or child causing serious or fatal injuries. ABC - Always Buckle Children under age 13 in the back seat. It is the safest place for children of any age to ride. If a child age 13 or older must be seated in the front seat, he or she must be properly belted and the seat should be moved as far back as possible. All occupants should sit upright with the seatback in an upright position, centered on the seat cushion with their seat belt on, legs comfortably extended and their feet on the floor until the vehicle is parked and the engine is turned off. If an occupant is out of position during an accident, the rapidly deploying air bag may forcefully contact the occupant causing serious or fatal injuries. You and your passengers should never sit or lean unnecessarily close to the air bags or lean against the door or center console. Move your seat as far back as possible from front air bags, while still maintaining control of the vehicle. WARNING


===== PAGE 77 =====

Where are the air bags? Driver’s and passenger’s front air bags Your vehicle is equipped with a Supplemental Restraint System (SRS) and lap/shoulder belts at both the driver and passenger seating positions. The SRS consists of air bags which are located in the center of the steering wheel and the passenger's side front panel pad above the glove box. The air bags are labeled with the letters “AIR BAG” embossed on the pad covers. The purpose of the SRS is to provide the vehicle's driver and front passengers with additional protection than that offered by the seat belt system alone in case of a frontal impact of sufficient severity. OTLE038038R OTLE038039R Passenger’s front air bag■ Driver’s front air bag■ To reduce the risk of serious injury or death from an inflating front air bags, take the following precautions: • Seat belts must be worn at all times to help keep occupants positioned properly. • Move your seat as far back as possible from front air bags, while still maintaining control of the vehicle. • Never lean against the door or center console. • Do not allow the front passenger to place their feet or legs on the dashboard. • No objects (such as crash pad WARNING


===== PAGE 78 =====

Side air bags Your vehicle is equipped with a side air bag in each front seat. The purpose of the air bag is to provide the vehicle’s driver and the front passenger with additional protection than that offered by the seat belt alone. The side air bags are designed to deploy only during certain side impact collisions, depending on the crash severity, angle, speed and point of impact. The side air bags are not designed to deploy in all side impact situations. cover, cellular phone holder, cup holder, perfume or stickers) should be placed over or near the air bag modules on the steering wheel, instrument panel, windshield glass, and the front passenger's panel above the glove box. Such objects could cause harm if the vehicle is in a crash severe enough to cause the air bags to deploy. • Do not attach any objects on the front windshield and inside mirror.   To reduce the risk of serious injury or death from an inflating side air bag, take the following precautions: • Seat belts must be worn at all times to help keep occupants positioned properly. • Do not allow passengers to lean their heads or bodies onto doors, put their arms on the doors, stretch their arms out of the window, or place objects between the doors and seats. • Hold the steering wheel at the 9 o’clock and 3 o’clock positions, to minimize the risk of injuries to your hands and arms. WARNING


===== PAGE 79 =====

Curtain air bags Curtain air bags are located along both sides of the roof rails above the front and rear doors. • Do not use any accessory seat covers. This could reduce or prevent the effectiveness of the system. • Do not place any objects over the air bag or between the air bag and yourself. Also, do not attach any objects around the area the air bag inflates such as the door, side door glass, front and rear pillar. • Do not place any objects between the door and the seat. They may become dangerous projectiles if the side air bag inflates. • Do not install any accessories on the side or near the side air bags. • Do not put any objects between the side air bag label and seat cushion. It could cause harm if the vehicle is in a crash severe enough to cause the air bags to deploy. • Do not cause impact to the doors when the ignition switch is in the ON position or this may cause the side air bags to inflate. • If the seat or seat cover is damaged, we recommend that the system be serviced by an authorized HYUNDAI dealer.


===== PAGE 80 =====

They are designed to help protect the heads of the front seat occupants and the rear outboard seat occupants in certain side impact collisions. The curtain air bags are designed to deploy only during certain side impact collisions, depending on the crash severity, angle, speed and impact. The curtain air bags are not designed to deploy in all side impact situations. How does the air bags system operate? The SRS consists of the following components: (1) Driver's front air bag module (2) Passenger's front air bag module (3) Side air bag modules (4) Curtain air bag modules (5) Retractor pre-tensioner assemblies (6) Air bag warning light (7) SRS control module (SRSCM)/ Rollover sensor (if equipped) To reduce the risk of serious injury or death from an inflating curtain air bags, take the following precautions: • All seat occupants must wear seat belts at all times to help keep occupants positioned properly. • Properly secure Child Restraint System as far away from the door as possible. WARNING • Do not place any objects over the air bag. Also, do not attach any objects around the area the air bag inflates such as the door, side door glass, front and rear pillar, roof side rail. • Do not hang other objects except clothes, especially hard or breakable objects. In an accident, it may cause vehicle damage or personal injury. • Do not allow passengers to lean their heads or bodies onto doors, put their arms on the doors, stretch their arms out of the window, or place objects between the doors and seats. • Do not open or repair the side curtain air bags.


===== PAGE 81 =====

(8) Front impact sensors (9) Side impact sensors (10) Side pressure sensors (11) Driver’s and front passenger’s seat belt buckle sensors. (if equipped) The SRSCM continually monitors SRS components except for buckle sensor while the ignition switch is in the ON position to determine if a crash impact is severe enough to require air bag deployment or pretensioner seat belt deployment. SRS warning light The SRS air bag warning light on the instrument panel will illuminate for about 6 seconds after the ignition switch is turned to the ON position, after which the air bag warning light should go out. During a frontal collision, sensors will detect the vehicle’s deceleration. If the rate of deceleration is high enough, the control unit will inflate the front air bags, at the time and with the force needed. The front air bags help protect the driver and front passenger by responding to frontal impacts in which seat belts alone cannot provide adequate restraint. When needed, the side air bags help provide protection in the event of a side impact. • Air bags are activated (able to inflate if necessary) only when the ignition switch is in the ON position. • Air bags inflate in the event of certain frontal or side collisions to help protect the occupants from serious physical injury. • There is no single speed at which the air bags will inflate. Generally, air bags are designed to inflate based upon the severity of a collision and its direction. These two factors determine whether the sensors produce an electronic deployment/inflation signal. If your SRS malfunctions, the air bag may not inflate properly during an accident increasing the risk of serious injury or death. If any of the following conditions occur, your SRS is malfunctioning: • The light does not turn on for approximately six seconds when the ignition switch is in the ON position. • The light stays on after illuminating for approximately six seconds. • The light comes on while the vehicle is in motion. • The light blinks when the engine is running. We recommend that an authorized HYUNDAI dealer inspect the SRS as soon as possible if any of these conditions occur. WARNING


===== PAGE 82 =====

• Air bag deployment depends on a number of factors including vehicle speed, angles of impact and the density and stiffness of the vehicles or objects which your vehicle impacts during a collision. The determining factors are not limited to those mentioned above. • The front air bags will completely inflate and deflate in an instant. It is virtually impossible for you to see the air bags inflate during an accident. It is much more likely that you will simply see the deflated air bags hanging out of their storage compartments after the collision. • To help provide protection, the air bags must inflate rapidly. The speed of air bag inflation is a consequence of extremely short time in which to inflate the air bag between the occupant and the vehicle structures before the occupant impacts those structures. This speed of inflation reduces the risk serious life-threatening injuries and is thus a necessary part of air bag design. However, the rapid air bag inflation can also cause injuries which can include facial abrasions, bruises and broken bones because the inflation speed also causes the air bags to expand with a great deal of force. • There are even circumstances under which contact with the air bag can cause fatal injuries, especially if the occupant is positioned excessively close to the air bag. You can take steps to reduce the risk of being injured by an inflating air bag. The greatest risk is sitting too close to the air bag. An air bag needs space to inflate. It is recommended that drivers sit as far as possible between the center of the steering wheel and the chest while still maintaining control of the vehicle.


===== PAGE 83 =====

When the SRSCM detects a sufficiently severe impact to the front of the vehicle, it will automatically deploy the front air bags. Upon deployment, tear seams molded directly into the pad covers will separate under pressure from the expansion of the air bags. Further opening of the covers allows full inflation of the air bags. A fully inflated air bag, in combination with a properly worn seat belt, slows the driver's or the front passenger's forward motion, reducing the risk of head and chest injury. After complete inflation, the air bag immediately starts deflating, enabling the driver to maintain forward visibility and the ability to steer or operate other controls. OLMB033055 Driver’s front air bag (2)■ OLMB033056 Driver’s front air bag (3)■ OLMB033057 Passenger’s front air bag■ OLMB033054 Driver’s front air bag (1)■


===== PAGE 84 =====

What to expect after an air bag inflates After a frontal or side air bag inflates, it will deflate very quickly. Air bag inflation will not prevent the driver from seeing out of the windshield or being able to steer. Curtain air bags may remain partially inflated for some time after they deploy. To prevent objects from becoming dangerous projectiles when the passenger's air bag inflates: • Do not install or place any objects (drink holder, CD holder, stickers, etc.) on the front passenger's panel above the glove box where the passenger's air bag is located. • Do not install a container of liquid air freshener near the instrument cluster or on the instrument panel surface. WARNING After an air bag inflates, take the following precautions: • Open your windows and doors as soon as possible after impact to reduce prolonged exposure to the smoke and powder released by the inflating air bag. • Do not touch the air bag storage area’s internal components immediately after an air bag has inflated. The parts that come into contact with an inflating air bag may be very hot. • Always wash exposed skin areas thoroughly with cold water and mild soap. • We recommend that an authorized HYUNDAI dealer replace the air bag immediately after deployment. Air bags are designed to be used only once. WARNING


===== PAGE 85 =====

Noise and smoke from inflating air bag When the air bags inflate, they make a loud noise and may produce smoke and powder in the air inside of the vehicle. This is normal and is a result of the ignition of the air bag inflator. After the air bag inflates, you may feel substantial discomfort in breathing because of the contact of your chest with both the seat belt and the air bag, as well as from breathing the smoke and powder. The powder may aggravate asthma for some people. If you experience breathing problems after an air bag deployment, seek medical attention immediately. Though the smoke and powder are nontoxic, they may cause irritation to the skin, eyes, nose, throat, etc. If this is the case, wash and rinse with cold water immediately and seek medical attention if the symptoms persist. Do not install a Child Restraint System on the front passenger seat Never install a Child Restraint System in the front passenger’s seat. An inflating air bag can forcefully strike a child or restraint resulting in serious or fatal injury. OYDESA2042 • Extreme hazard! Do not use a rearward facing Child Restraint System on a seat protected by an air bag in front of it! • NEVER use a rearward facing Child Restraint System on a seat protected by an ACTIVE AIRBAG in front of it, DEATH or SERIOUS INJURY to the CHILD can occur. • Never put a Child Restraint System in the front passenger’s seat. If the front passenger air bag inflates, it would cause serious or fatal injuries. WARNING


===== PAGE 86 =====

Why didn’t my air bag go off in a collision? There are certain types of accidents in which the air bag would not be expected to provide additional protection. These include rear impacts, second or third collisions in multiple impact accidents, as well as low speed impacts. Damage to the vehicle indicates a collision energy absorption, and is not an indicator of whether or not an air bag should have inflated. Air bag collision sensors To reduce the risk of an air bag deploying unexpectedly and causing serious injury or death: • Do not hit or allow any objects to impact the locations where air bags or sensors are installed. • Do not perform maintenance on or around the air bag sensors. If the location or angle of the sensors is altered, the air bags may deploy when they should not or may not deploy when they should. • Do not install bumper guards or replace the bumper with a nongenuine part. This may adversely affect the collision and air bag deployment performance. • Place the ignition switch to the LOCK/OFF or ACC position, WARNING when the vehicle is being towed to prevent inadvertent air bag deployment. • We recommend that all air bag repairs are conducted by an authorized HYUNDAI dealer.


===== PAGE 87 =====

1. SRS control module 2. Front impact sensor 3. Side pressure sensor (front) 4. Side impact sensor (rear) 5. Side pressure sensor (front door) OTLE038044R/OTLE038045R/OTLE038046R///


===== PAGE 88 =====

Air bag inflation conditions Front air bags Front air bags are designed to inflate in a frontal collision depending on the severity, speed or angles of impact of the front collision. Side and curtain air bags Side and curtain air bags are designed to inflate when an impact is detected by side collision sensors depending on the severity, speed or angles of impact resulting from a side impact collision. Although the driver’s and front passenger’s air bags are designed to inflate only in frontal collisions, they also may inflate in other types of collisions if the front impact sensors detect a sufficient impact. Side and curtain air bags are designed to inflate only in side impact collisions, but they may inflate in other collisions if the side impact sensors detect a sufficient impact. If the vehicle chassis is impacted by bumps or objects on unimproved roads, the air bags may deploy. Drive carefully on unimproved roads or on surfaces not designed for vehicle traffic to prevent unintended air bag deployment. OTLE038070 OTLE038071


===== PAGE 89 =====

Air bag non-inflation conditions In certain low-speed collisions the air bags may not deploy. The air bags are designed not to deploy in such cases because they may not provide benefits beyond the protection of the seat belts. Front air bags are not designed to inflate in rear collisions, because occupants are moved backward by the force of the impact. In this case, inflated air bags would not provide any additional benefit. Front air bags may not inflate in side impact collisions, because occupants move in the direction of the collision, and thus in side impacts, front air bag deployment would not provide additional occupant protection. However, side and curtain air bags may inflate depending on the severity, vehicle speed and angles of impact. OTLE038065 OTLE038066 OTLE038067


===== PAGE 90 =====

In an angled collision, the force of impact may direct the occupants in a direction where the air bags would not be able to provide any additional benefit, and thus the sensors may not deploy any air bags. Just before impact, drivers often brake heavily. Such heavy braking lowers the front portion of the vehicle causing it to “ride” under a vehicle with a higher ground clearance. Air bags may not inflate in this "underride" situation because deceleration forces that are detected by sensors may be significantly reduced by such “underride” collisions. Front air bags may not inflate in rollover accidents because front air bag deployment would not provide additional occupant protection. Information • Vehicles equipped with rollover sensor The side and curtain air bags may inflate in a rollover situation, when it is detected by the rollover sensor. • Vehicles not equipped with rollover sensor The side and/or curtain air bags may inflate when the vehicle is rolled over by a side impact collision, if the vehicle is equipped with side and/or curtain air bags.  OTLE038064


===== PAGE 91 =====

Air bags may not inflate if the vehicle collides with objects such as utility poles or trees, where the point of impact is concentrated and the collision energy is absorbed by the vehicle structure. SRS care The SRS is virtually maintenancefree and there are no parts you can safely service by yourself. If the SRS air bag warning light does not illuminate when the ignition switch is in the ON position, or continuously remains on, we recommend that the system be immediately inspected by an authorized HYUNDAI dealer. We recommend any work on the SRS system, such as removing, installing, repairing, or any work on the steering wheel, the front passenger's panel, front seats and roof rails be performed by an authorized HYUNDAI dealer. Improper handling of the SRS system may result in serious personal injury. To reduce the risk of serious injury or death take the following precautions: • Do not attempt to modify or disconnect the SRS components or wiring, including the addition of any kind of badges to the pad covers or modifications to the body structure. • Do not place objects over or near the air bag modules on the steering wheel, instrument panel, and the front passenger's panel above the glove box. • Clean the air bag pad covers with a soft cloth moistened with plain water. Solvents or cleaners could adversely affect the air bag covers and proper deployment of the system. • We recommend that inflated air bags be replaced by an authorized HYUNDAI dealer. • If components of the air bag system must be discarded, or if the WARNING OTLE038063


===== PAGE 92 =====

Additional safety precautions Passengers should not move out of or change seats while the vehicle is moving. A passenger who is not wearing a seat belt during a crash or emergency stop can be thrown against the inside of the vehicle, against other occupants, or be ejected from the vehicle. Do not use any accessories on seat belts. Devices claiming to improve occupant comfort or reposition the seat belt can reduce the protection provided by the seat belt and increase the chance of serious injury in a crash Do not modify the front seats. Modification of the front seats could interfere with the operation of the supplemental restraint system sensing components or side air bags. Do not place items under the front seats. Placing items under the front seats could interfere with the operation of the supplemental restraint system sensing components and wiring harnesses. Do not cause impact to the doors. Impact to the doors when the ignition switch is in the ON position may cause the air bags to inflate. Adding equipment to or modifying your air bag equipped vehicle If you modify your vehicle by changing your vehicle's frame, bumper system, front end or side sheet metal or ride height, this may affect the operation of your vehicle's air bag system. vehicle must be scrapped, certain safety precautions must be observed. Consult an authorized HYUNDAI dealer for the necessary information. Failure to follow these precautions could increase the risk of personal injury.


===== PAGE 93 =====

Air bag warning labels Air bag warning labels are attached to alert the passengers of potential risks of the air bag system. Be sure to read all of the information about the air bags that are installed on your vehicle in this Owner’s Manual.


===== PAGE 94 =====




===== PAGE 95 =====




===== PAGE 96 =====




===== PAGE 97 =====

Smart key Your HYUNDAI uses a Smart Key, which you can use to lock or unlock a door (and tailgate) and even start the engine. 1. Door Lock 2. Door Unlock 3. Tailgate Unlock 4. Panic Locking To lock : 1. Close all doors, engine hood and tailgate. 2. Either press the door handle button or press the Door Lock button (1) on the smart key. 3. The hazard warning lights will blink. Also, the outside rearview mirror will fold, if the outside rearview mirror folding switch is in the AUTO position (if equipped). 4. Make sure the doors are locked by checking the position of the door lock button inside the vehicle. Information The door handle button will only operate when the smart key is within 0.7~1 m (28~40 in.) from the outside door handle. Even though you press the outside door handle button, the doors will not lock and the chime will sound for three seconds if any of the following occur: • The Smart Key is in the vehicle. • The Engine Start/Stop button is in ACC or ON position. • Any door except the tailgate is open. OTLE045003R OLF044003/Q


===== PAGE 98 =====

Unlocking To unlock: 1. Carry the Smart Key. 2. Either press the door handle button or press the Door Unlock button (2) on the smart key. 3. The doors will unlock. The hazard warning lights will blink two times. Also, the outside rearview mirror will unfold, if the outside rearview mirror folding switch is in the AUTO position. (if equipped) Information • The door handle button will only operate when the smart key is within 0.7~1 m (28~40 in.) from the outside door handle. Other people can also open the doors without the smart key in possession. • After unlocking the doors, the doors will lock automatically after 30 seconds unless a door is opened. Do not leave the Smart Key in your vehicle with unsupervised children. Unattended children could press the Engine Start/ Stop button and may operate power windows or other controls, or even make the vehicle move, which could result in serious injury or death. WARNING OTLE045003R


===== PAGE 99 =====

Tailgate unlocking To unlock: 1. Carry the smart key. 2. Either press the tailgate handle button or press the Tailgate Unlock button (3) on the smart key for more than one second. 3. The hazard warning lights will blink two times. The tailgate will unlock. The power tailgate will unlock and then open.(if equipped) For more details, refer to “Power tailgate” in this chapter. Information After unlocking the tailgate, the tailgate will lock automatically after 30 seconds unless the tailgate is opened. Panic button Press and hold the Panic button (4) for more than one second. The horn sounds and hazard warning lights blink for about 30 seconds. To cancel the panic mode, press any button on the Smart Key. Start-up You can start the engine without inserting the key. For detailed information refer to the Engine Start/ Stop button in chapter 5. To prevent damaging the smart key: • Keep the smart key away from water or any liquid and fire. If the inside of the smart key gets damp (due to drinks or moisture), or is heated, internal circuit may malfunction, excluding the car from the warranty. • Avoid dropping or throwing the smart key. • Protect the smart key from extreme temperatures. Always have the smart key with you when leaving the vehicle. If the smart key is left near the vehicle, the vehicle battery may be discharged. Mechanical key If the Smart Key does not operate normally, you can lock or unlock the door by using the mechanical key. Press and hold the release button (1) and remove the mechanical key (2). Insert the mechanical key into the key hole on the door. To reinstall the mechanical key, put the key into the hole and push it until a click sound is heard. NOTICE NOTICE


===== PAGE 100 =====

Loss of a smart key A maximum of two smart keys can be registered to a single vehicle. If you happen to lose your smart key, it is recommended that you should immediately take the vehicle and remaining key to your authorized HYUNDAI dealer or tow the vehicle, if necessary. Smart key precautions The smart key will not work if any of the following occur: • The smart key is close to a radio transmitter such as a radio station or an airport which can interfere with normal operation of the transmitter. • The smart key is near a mobile two way radio system or a cellular phone. • Another vehicle’s smart key is being operated close to your vehicle. When the smart key does not work correctly, open and close the door with the mechanical key. If you have a problem with the smart key, it is recommended that you contact an authorized HYUNDAI dealer. If the smart key is in close proximity to your mobile phone, the signal could be blocked by your mobile phones normal operational signals. This is especially important when the phone is active such as making and receiving calls, text messaging, and/or sending/receiving emails. Avoid placing the smart key and your mobile phone in the same pants or jacket pocket and always try to maintain an adequate distance between the two devices. Information Changes or modifications not expressly approved by the party responsible for compliance could void the user’s authority to operate the equipment. If the keyless entry system is inoperative due to changes or modifications not expressly approved by the party responsible for compliance, it will not be covered by your manufacturer’s vehicle warranty. Keep the smart key away from electromagnetic materials that blocks electromagnetic waves to the key surface. NOTICE


===== PAGE 101 =====

Battery replacement If the Smart Key is not working properly, try replacing the battery with a new one. Battery Type: CR2032 To replace the battery: 1. Pry open the rear cover of the smart key. 2. Remove the old battery and insert the new battery. Make sure the battery position is correct. 3. Reinstall the rear cover of the smart key. If you suspect your smart key might have sustained some damage, or you feel your smart key is not working correctly, it is recommended that you contact an authorized HYUNDAI dealer. Information An inappropriately disposed battery can be harmful to the environment and human health. Dispose the battery according to your local law(s) and regulation. Immobilizer system (if equipped) The immobilizer system protects your vehicle from theft. If an improperly coded key (or other device) is used, the engine’s fuel system is disabled. When the ignition switch is placed in the ON position, the immobilizer system indicator should come on briefly, then go off. If the indicator starts to blink, the system does not recognize the coding of the key. Place the ignition switch to the LOCK/OFF position, then place the ignition switch to the ON position again. The system may not recognize your key’s coding if another immobilizer key or other metal object (i.e., key chain) is near the key. The engine may not start because the metal may interrupt the transponder signal from transmitting normally. OLF044008 Disclaimer : The system is designed in such a way that it makes vehicle theft difficult if its circuit and battery connection is uninterrupted.


===== PAGE 102 =====

If the system repeatedly does not recognize the coding of the key, it is recommended that you contact your HYUNDAI dealer. Do not attempt to alter this system or add other devices to it. Electrical problems could result that may make your vehicle inoperable. The transponder in your key is an important part of the immobilizer system. It is designed to give years of trouble-free service, however you should avoid exposure to moisture, static electricity and rough handling. Immobilizer system malfunction could occur. NOTICE In order to prevent theft of your vehicle, do not leave spare keys anywhere in your vehicle. Your immobilizer password is a customer unique password and should be kept confidential. WARNING Disclaimer : The system is designed in such a way that it makes vehicle theft difficult if its circuit and battery connection is uninterrupted.


===== PAGE 103 =====

Operating door locks from outside the vehicle Mechanical key Turn the key toward the rear of the vehicle to unlock and toward the front of the vehicle to lock. If you lock/unlock the driver's door with a key, all vehicle doors will lock/unlock automatically. equipped with the central door lock system) Once the doors are unlocked, they may be opened by pulling the door handle. When closing the door, push the door by hand. Make sure that doors are closed securely. Smart key To lock the doors, press the button on the outside door handle while carrying the smart key with you or press the door lock button on the smart key. To unlock the doors, press the button on the outside door handle while carrying the smart key with you or press the door unlock button on the smart key. Once the doors are unlocked, they may be opened by pulling the door handle. When closing the door, push the door by hand. Make sure that doors are closed securely. Information If the door is locked/unlocked multiple times in rapid succession with either the vehicle key or door lock switch, the system may stop operating temporarily in order to protect the circuit and prevent damage to system components. OTLE045003R Lock / Unlock OLF044003


===== PAGE 104 =====

Operating door locks from inside the vehicle With the door lock button • To unlock a door, push the door lock button (1) to the “Unlock” position. The red mark (2) on the door lock button will be visible. • To lock a door, push the door lock button (1) to the “Lock” position. If the door is locked properly, the red mark (2) on the door lock button will not be visible. • To open a door, pull the door handle (3) outward. • If the inner door handle of the driver’s (or front passenger’s) door is pulled when the door lock button is in the lock position, the button is unlocked and door opens. • Front doors cannot be locked if the key is in the ignition switch and any front door is open. • Doors cannot be locked if the smart key is in the vehicle and any door is open. Information If a power door lock ever fails to function while you are in the vehicle try one or more of the following techniques to exit: Operate the door unlock feature repeatedly (both electronic and manual) while simultaneously pulling on the door handle. Operate the other door locks and handles, front and rear. Lower a front window and use the mechanical key to unlock the door from outside. With the central door lock switch When pressing the ( ) portion (1) of the switch, all vehicle doors will lock. • If the key is in the ignition switch and any door is opened, the doors will not lock even though the lock button (1) of the central door lock switch is pressed. • If the smart key is in the vehicle and any door is opened, the doors will not lock even though the lock button (1) of the central door lock switch is pressed. OTLE045005 Unlock / Lock OTLE045006 Unlock / Lock


===== PAGE 105 =====

When pressing the ( ) portion (2) of the switch, all vehicle doors will unlock. • The doors should always be fully closed and locked while the vehicle is in motion. If the doors are unlocked, the risk of being thrown from the vehicle in a crash is increased. • Do not pull the inner door handle of the driver’s or passenger’s door while the vehicle is moving. WARNING Do not leave children or animals unattended in your vehicle. An enclosed vehicle can become extremely hot, causing death or serious injury to unattended children or animals who cannot escape the vehicle. Children might operate features of the vehicle that could injure them, or they could encounter other harm, possibly from someone gaining entry to the vehicle. WARNING Always secure your vehicle Leaving your vehicle unlocked increases the potential risk to you or others from someone hiding in your vehicle. To secure your vehicle, while depressing the brake, move the shift lever to the P (Park) position, engage the parking brake, and place the ignition switch in the LOCK/OFF position, close all windows, lock all doors, and always take the key with you. WARNING


===== PAGE 106 =====

Deadlocks (if equipped) Some vehicles are equipped with a deadlock system. Deadlocks prevent opening of a door from either inside or outside the vehicle once the deadlocks have been activated providing an additional measure of vehicle security. To lock the vehicle using the deadlock function, the doors must be locked by using the transmitter or smart key. To unlock the vehicle, the transmitter or smart key must be used again. Auto door lock/unlock features Impact sensing door unlock system (if equipped) All doors will be automatically unlocked when an impact causes the air bags to deploy. Speed sensing door lock system (if equipped) All doors will be automatically locked when vehicle speed exceeds 15 km/h (9 mph). You can activate or deactivate the Auto Door Lock/Unlock features from the User Settings Mode on the LCD display. For more details, refer to "LCD Display" in this chapter. Opening a door when something is approaching may cause damage or injury. Be careful when opening doors and watch for vehicles, motorcycles, bicycles or pedestrians approaching the vehicle in the path of the door. WARNING If you stay in the vehicle for a long time while the weather is very hot or cold, there are risks of injuries or danger to life. Do not lock the vehicle from the outside when someone is in the vehicle. WARNING Do not lock the doors with the transmitter or the smart key with anybody left in the vehicle. The passenger in the vehicle cannot unlock the doors with the door lock button. For example, if the door is locked with the transmitter, the passenger in the vehicle cannot unlock the door without the transmitter. WARNING


===== PAGE 107 =====

Child-protector rear door locks The child safety lock is provided to help prevent children seated in the rear from accidentally opening the rear doors. The rear door safety locks should be used whenever children are in the vehicle. The child safety lock is located on the edge of each rear door. When the child safety lock is in the lock position (1), the rear door will not open if the inner door handle (2) is pulled. To lock the child safety lock, insert a key (or screwdriver) into the hole and turn it to the lock position. To allow a rear door to be opened from inside the vehicle, unlock the child safety lock.  If children accidently open the rear doors while the vehicle is in motion, they could fall out of the vehicle. The rear door safety locks should always be used whenever children are in the vehicle. WARNING


===== PAGE 108 =====

This system helps to protect your vehicle and valuables. The horn will sound and the hazard warning lights will blink continuously if any of the following occurs: - A door is opened without using the remote key or smart key. - The tailgate is opened without using the remote key or smart key. - The engine hood is opened. The alarm continues for 30 seconds, then the system resets. To turn off the alarm, unlock the doors with the remote key or smart key. The Theft Alarm System automatically sets 30 seconds after you lock the doors and the tailgate. For the system to activate, you must lock the doors and the tailgate from outside the vehicle with the remote key or smart key or by pressing the button on the outside of the door handles with the smart key in your possession. The hazard warning lights will blink and the chime will sound once to indicate the system is armed. Once the security system is set, opening any door, the tailgate, or the hood without using the remote key or smart key will cause the alarm to activate. The Theft Alarm System will not set if the hood, the tailgate, or any door is not fully closed. If the system will not set, check the hood, the tailgate, or the doors are fully closed. Do not attempt to alter this system or add other devices to it. Information • Do not lock the doors until all passengers have left the vehicle. If the remaining passenger leaves the vehicle when the system is armed, the alarm will be activated. • If the vehicle is not disarmed with the remote key or smart key, open the doors by using the mechanical key and place the ignition switch in the ON position (for remote key) or start the engine (for smart key) and wait for 30 seconds. • When the system is disarmed but a door or tailgate is not opened within 30 seconds, the system will be rearmed. Information Vehicles equipped with a theft alarm system will have a label attached to the vehicle with the following words: 1. WARNING 2. SECURITY SYSTEM OJC040170 Disclaimer : The system is designed in such a way that it makes vehicle theft difficult if its circuit and battery connection is uninterrupted.


===== PAGE 109 =====

Electric power steering (EPS) The system assists you with steering the vehicle. If the engine is off or if the power steering system becomes inoperative, the vehicle may still be steered, but it will require increased steering effort. Also, the steering effort becomes heavier as the vehicle’s speed increases and becomes lighter as the vehicle’s speed decreases for better control of the steering wheel. Should you notice any change in the effort required to steer during normal vehicle operation, we recommend that the system be checked by an authorized HYUNDAI dealer. If the Electric Power Steering System does not operate normally, the warning light ( ) will illuminate on the instrument cluster. The steering wheel may become difficult to control or operate. Take your vehicle to an authorized HYUNDAI dealer and have the system checked as soon as possible. Information The following symptoms may occur during normal vehicle operation: • The steering effort may be high immediately after placing the ignition switch or the Engine Start/Stop button in the ON position. This happens as the system performs the EPS system diagnostics. When the diagnostics is completed, the steering wheel will return to its normal condition. • A click noise may be heard from the EPS relay after the ignition switch is placed to the ON or LOCK/OFF position (Without Smart key system). A click noise may be heard from the EPS relay after the Engine Start/Stop button is in the ON or OFF position. (With Smart key system) • Motor noise may be heard when the vehicle is at a stop or at a low driving speed. • When you operate the steering wheel in low temperature, the steering effort may be high and abnormal noise may occur. If temperature rises, the noise will disappear. This is a normal condition. • When the vehicle is stationary, if you turn the steering wheel all the way to the left or right continuously, the steering wheel effort increases. This is not a system malfunction. As time passes, the steering wheel effort will return to its normal condition. NOTICE


===== PAGE 110 =====

Tilt steering / Telescope steering (if equipped) Information After adjustment, sometimes the lockrelease lever may not lock the steering wheel. It is not a malfunction. This occurs when two gears are not engaged correctly. In this case, adjust the steering wheel again and then lock the steering wheel. Pull down the lock-release lever (1) on the steering wheel column and adjust the steering wheel angle (2) and position (3). Move the steering wheel, so it points toward your chest, not toward your face. Make sure you can see the instrument panel warning lights and gauges. After adjusting, pull up the lockrelease lever (1) to lock the steering wheel in place. Push the steering wheel both up and down to be certain it is locked in position. Always adjust the position of the steering wheel before driving. Never adjust the steering wheel while driving. You may lose steering control and cause severe personal injury, death or accidents. WARNING OTLE048010R While adjusting the steering wheel height, please do not push or pull it hard since the fixture can be damaged. CAUTION


===== PAGE 111 =====

Horn To sound the horn, press the area indicated by the horn symbol on your steering wheel (see illustration). The horn will operate only when this area is pressed. Do not strike the horn severely to operate it, or hit it with your fist. Do not press on the horn with a sharppointed object. NOTICE


===== PAGE 112 =====

Inside rearview mirror Before you start driving, adjust the rearview mirror to the center on the view through the rear window. When cleaning the mirror, use a paper towel or similar material dampened with glass cleaner. Do not spray glass cleaner directly on the mirror as that may cause the liquid cleaner to enter the mirror housing. Electric Chromic Mirror (ECM) The electric rearview mirror automatically controls the glare from the headlamp of the car behind you in nighttime or low light driving conditions. When the engine is running, the glare is automatically controlled by the sensor mounted in the rearview mirror. The sensor detects the light level around the vehicle, and automatically adjusts to control the headlamp glare from vehicles behind you. Whenever the shift lever is placed in R (Reverse), the mirror will automatically go to the brightest setting in order to improve the drivers view behind the vehicle. NOTICE Make sure your line of sight is not obstructed. Do not place objects in the rear seat, cargo area, or behind the rear headrests which could interfere with your vision through the rear window. WARNING To prevent serious injury during an accident or deployment of the air bag, do not modify the rearview mirror and do not install a wide mirror. WARNING NEVER adjust the mirror while driving. This may cause loss of vehicle control resulting in an accident. WARNING


===== PAGE 113 =====

[A] : Sensor When cleaning the mirror, use a paper towel or similar material dampened with glass cleaner. Do not spray glass cleaner directly on the mirror as that may cause the liquid cleaner to enter the mirror housing. Blue Linkcenter (if equipped)® For details, refer to the Blue Link® Owner’s Guide, infotainment system manual. (1) SOS : Emergency assistance (2) RSA (Road Side Assistance) - Flat tire - Vehicle break down - Vehicle towing - Emergency fuel (3) BlueLink - Push maps by call center - General assistance Outside rearview mirror Be sure to adjust mirror angles before driving. Your vehicle is equipped with both left-hand and right-hand outside rearview mirrors. The mirror can be adjusted remotely with the remote switch. The mirror heads can be folded to prevent damage during an automatic car wash or when passing through a narrow street. NOTICE


===== PAGE 114 =====

Adjusting the rearview mirrors: 1. Press either the L (Front left side) or R (Front right side) button (1) to select the rearview mirror you would like to adjust. 2. Use the mirror adjustment control (2) to position the selected mirror up, down, left or right. 3. After adjustment, put the button into neutral (center) position to prevent inadvertent adjustment. The mirrors stop moving when• they reach the maximum adjusting angles, but the motor continues to operate while the switch pressed. Do not press the switch longer than necessary, the motor may be damaged. • Do not attempt to adjust the outside rearview mirror by hand or the motor may be damaged. NOTICE OTLE045017 • The right outside rearview mirror is convex. In some countries, the left outside rearview mirror is also convex. Objects seen in the mirror are closer than they appear. • Use your interior rearview mirror or turn your head and look to determine the actual distance of following vehicles when changing lanes. WARNING Do not adjust or fold the outside rearview mirrors while driving. This may cause loss of vehicle control resulting in an accident. WARNING


===== PAGE 115 =====

Folding the outside rearview mirror Manual type To fold the outside rearview mirror, grasp the housing of the mirror and then fold it toward the rear of the vehicle. Electric type Left : The mirror will fold. Right : The mirror will unfold. Center (AUTO) : The mirror will fold or unfold automatically as follows: • Without smart key system - The mirror will fold or unfold when the door is locked or unlocked by the transmitter. (if equipped) • With smart key system - The mirror will fold or unfold when the door is locked or unlocked by the smart key. - The mirror will fold or unfold when the door is locked or unlocked by the button on the outside door handle. - If “Convenience Welcome mir-→ ror/light” is selected in the User Settings mode on the LCD display, the mirror will unfold when you approach the vehicle (all doors closed and locked) with a smart key in possession. (if equipped) The electric type outside rearview mirror operates even though the ignition switch is in the OFF position. However, to prevent unnecessary battery discharge, do not adjust the mirrors longer than necessary while the engine is not running. Do not fold the electric type outside rearview mirror by hand. It could cause motor failure. NOTICE NOTICE OTLE045018


===== PAGE 116 =====

Power windows (1) Driver’s door power window switch (2) Front passenger’s door power window switch (3) Rear door (right) power window switch (4) Rear door (left) power window switch (5) Window opening and closing (6) Automatic power window (7) Power window lock switch OTLE045019


===== PAGE 117 =====

The ignition switch must be in the ON position to be able to raise or lower the windows. Each door has a Power Window switch to control that door's window. The driver has a Power Window Lock switch which can block the operation of passenger windows. The power windows will operate for approximately 30 seconds after the ignition switch is placed in the ACC or OFF position. However, if the front doors are opened, the Power Windows cannot be operated even within the 30 second period. Information While driving with the rear windows down or with the sunroof (if equipped) opened (or partially opened), your vehicle may demonstrate a wind buffeting or pulsation noise. This noise is normal and can be reduced or eliminated by taking the following actions. If the noise occurs with one or both of the rear windows down, partially lower both front windows approximately 2.5 cm (1 inch). If you experience the noise with the sunroof open, slightly close the sunroof. Window opening and closing To open: Press the window switch down to the first detent position (5). Release the switch when you want the window to stop. To close: Pull the window switch up to the first detent position (5). Release the window switch when you want the window to stop. To avoid serious injury or death, do not extend your head, arms or body outside the windows while driving. WARNING


===== PAGE 118 =====

Auto up/down window (if equipped) Pressing or pulling up the power window switch momentarily to the second detent position (6) completely lowers or lifts the window even when the switch is released. To stop the window at the desired position while the window is in operation, pull up or press down and release the switch. To reset the power windows If the power windows do not operate normally, the automatic power window system must be reset as follows: 1. Place the ignition switch to the ON position. 2. Close the window and continue pulling up on the power window switch for at least one second. If the power windows do not operate properly after resetting, it is recommended that the system be checked by an authorized HYUNDAI dealer. Automatic reverse (if equipped) If a window senses any obstacle while it is closing automatically, it will stop and lower approximately 30 cm (12 inches) to allow the object to be cleared. If the window detects the resistance while the power window switch is pulled up continuously, the window will stop upward movement then lower approximately 2.5 cm (1 inch). If the power window switch is pulled up continuously again within 5 seconds after the window is lowered by the automatic window reverse feature, the automatic window reverse will not operate. OLF044032 The automatic reverse feature doesn't activate while resetting power window system. Make sure body parts or other objects are safely out of the way before closing the windows to avoid injuries or vehicle damage. WARNING


===== PAGE 119 =====

Information The automatic reverse feature is only active when the “Auto Up” feature is used by fully pulling up the switch to the second detent. Do not install any accessories on the windows. The automatic reverse feature may not operate. Power window lock switch The driver can disable the power window switches on the rear passengers' doors by pressing the power window lock switch. When the power window lock switch is pressed: • The driver's master control can operate all the power windows. • The front passenger's control can operate the front passenger's power window. • The rear passenger's control cannot operate the rear passengers' power window. • To prevent possible damage to the power window system, do not open or close two windows or more at the same time. This will also ensure the longevity of the fuse. • Never try to operate the main switch on the driver's door and the individual door window switch in opposite directions at the same time. If this is done, the window will stop and cannot be opened or closed. NOTICE NOTICE Make sure body parts or other objects are safely out of the way before closing the windows to avoid injuries or vehicle damage. Objects less than 4 mm (0.16 inch) in diameter caught between the window glass and the upper window channel may not be detected by the automatic reverse window and the window will not stop and reverse direction. WARNING Do not allow children to play with the power windows. Keep the driver’s door power window lock switch in the LOCK position. Serious injury or death can result from unintentional window operation by a child. WARNING OTLE045020


===== PAGE 120 =====

If your vehicle is equipped with a sunroof, you can slide or tilt your sunroof with the sunroof control lever located on the overhead console. The ignition switch must be in the ON position before you can open or close the sunroof. The sunroof can be operated for approximately 30 seconds after the ignition key is removed or turned to the ACC or LOCK position. However, if the front doors are opened, the sunroof cannot be opened even within the 30 seconds period. Information After the vehicle is washed or in a rainstorm, be sure to wipe off any water that is on the sunroof before operating it. • NEVER leave the keys in your vehicle with unsupervised children, when the engine is running. • NEVER leave any child unattended in the vehicle. Even very young children may inadvertently cause the vehicle to move, entangle themselves in the windows, or otherwise injure themselves or others. • Always double check to make sure all arms, hands, head and other obstructions are safely out of the way before closing a window. • Do not allow children to play with the power windows. Keep the driver’s door power window lock switch in the LOCK position (pressed). Serious injury can result from unintentional window operation by the child. • Do not extend your head, arms or body outside the windows while driving. WARNING  • Never adjust the sunroof or sunshade while driving. This could result in loss of control and an accident that may cause death, serious injury, or property damage. • Make sure heads, other body parts or objects are out of the way before using the sunroof. • Do not extend your head, arms or body outside the sunroof while driving, to avoid serious injury. • Do not leave the engine running and the key in your vehicle with unsupervised children. WARNING


===== PAGE 121 =====

• Do not continue to move the sunroof control lever after the sunroof is fully opened, closed, or tilted. Damage to the motor or system components could occur. • Make sure the sunroof is closed fully when leaving your vehicle. If the sunroof is open, rain may leak through the sunroof and wet the interior as well as allow theft. Sunshade • To open the sunshade, pull the sunroof control lever backward (1) to the first detent position. • To close the sunshade when the sunroof glass is closed, push the sunroof control lever forward (2). To stop the sliding at any point, pull or push the sunroof control lever momentarily. NOTICE Unattended children could operate the sunroof, which could result in serious injury. • The panorama sunroof is made of glass, subject to break in case of accident. Passengers without the appropriate protection(e.g. seat belt, CRS, etc.) on may project out through the broken glasses and get seriously injured or even result in death. • Do not sit on the top of the vehicle. It may cause injuries or vehicle damage.


===== PAGE 122 =====

Sliding the sunroof When the sunshade is closed If you pull the sunroof control lever backward, the sunshade will slide all the way open then the sunroof glass will slide all the way open. To stop the sunroof movement at any point, pull or push the sunroof control lever momentarily. When the sunshade is opened If you pull the sunroof control lever backward, the sunroof glass will slide all the way open. To stop the sunroof movement at any point, pull or push the sunroof control lever momentarily. Information Only the front glass of the panorama sunroof opens and closes. Tilting the sunroof When the sunshade is closed If you push the sunroof control lever upward, the sunshade will slide open then the sunroof glass will tilt. To stop the sunroof movement at any point, pull or push the sunroof control lever momentarily. When the sunshade is opened If you push the sunroof control lever upward, the sunroof glass will tilt. To stop the sunroof movement at any point, pull or push the sunroof control lever momentarily.


===== PAGE 123 =====

Closing the sunroof To close the sunroof glass only Push the sunroof control lever forward to the first detent position or pull the lever downward. To close the sunroof glass with the sunshade Push the sunroof control lever forward to the second detent position. The sunroof glass will close then the sunshade close automatically. To stop the sunroof movement at any point, pull or push the sunroof control lever momentarily. Automatic reverse If an object or part of the body is detected while the sunroof glass or sunshade is closing automatically, it will reverse the direction, and then stop. The auto reverse function does not work if a tiny obstacle is between the sliding glass or sunshade and the sunroof sash. You should always check that all passengers and objects are away from the sunroof before closing it. Periodically remove any dirt that may accumulate on the sunroof guide rail or between the sunroof and roof panel, which can make a noise. NOTICE Small objects that can get caught between the sunroof glass and the front glass channel may not be detected by the automatic reverse system. In this case, the sunroof glass will not detect the object and will not reverse direction. WARNING ODH043039


===== PAGE 124 =====

Resetting the sunroof Sunroof needs to be reset if (in the followings) - Battery is discharged or disconnected or the related fuse has been replaced or disconnected - The one-touch sliding function of the sunroof does not normally operate 1. Turn the engine on and close the sunroof glass and sunshade completely. 2. Release the control lever. 3. Push the sunroof control lever forward in the direction of close (about 10 seconds) until the sunroof slightly moves. Then, release the lever. 4. Push the sunroof control lever forward in the direction of close until the sunroof operates as follows: Sunshade Open Glass Tilt Open→ Glass Slide Open Glass Slide→→ Close Sunshade Close→ Then, release the control lever. When this is complete, the sunroof system is reset. Information • If the sunroof does not reset when the vehicle battery is disconnected or discharged, or related fuse is blown, the sunroof may not operate normally. • For more detailed information, we recommend that you contact an authorized HYUNDAI dealer. Sunroof open warning (if equipped) If the driver removes the ignition key (Smart key : turns off the engine) and opens the driver-side door when the sunroof is not fully closed, the warning chime will sound for approximately 3 seconds and sunroof open image will appear on the LCD display. Close the sunroof securely when leaving your vehicle. OGB044103TU


===== PAGE 125 =====

Hood Opening the hood 1. Park the vehicle and set the parking brake. 2. Pull the release lever to unlatch the hood. The hood should pop open slightly. 3. Go to the front of the vehicle, raise the hood slightly, push up the secondary latch (1) inside of the hood center and lift the hood (2). 4. Pull out the stay rod. 5. Hold the hood opened with the stay rod (1). OTLE048033  OTLE045022 • Grasp the stay rod in the area wrapped in rubber. The rubber will help prevent you from being burned by hot metal when the engine is hot. • The stay rod must be inserted completely into the hole provided whenever you inspect the engine compartment. This will prevent the hood from falling and possibly injuring you. WARNING


===== PAGE 126 =====

Closing the hood 1. Before closing the hood, check the following: • All filler caps in engine compartment must be correctly installed. • Gloves, rags or any other combustible material must be removed from the engine compartment. 2. Return the stay rod to its clip to prevent it from rattling. 3. Lower the hood halfway (lifted approximately 30cm from the closed position) and push down to securely lock in place. Then double check to be sure the hood is secure. Fuel filler door Opening the fuel filler door 1. Turn off the engine. 2. The vehicle may be unlocked by any of the following methods: - Press the door unlock button on the remote key or smart key. - Press the central door unlock button of driver’s door side. - Pull the inside door handle of driver’s door. • Before closing the hood, ensure that all obstructions are removed from the hood opening. Closing the hood with an obstruction present in the hood opening may result in property damage or severe personal injury. • Do not leave gloves, rags or any other combustible material in the engine compartment. Doing so may cause a heat-induced fire. • Do not move the vehicle with the hood raised. The view will be blocked and the hood could fall or be damaged. WARNING Always double check to be sure that the hood is firmly latched before driving away. Check there is no hood open warning light or message displayed on the instrument cluster. If the hood is not latched while the vehicle is moving, the chime will sound to warn the driver the hood is not fully latched. Driving with the hood opened may cause a total loss of visibility, which might result in an accident. WARNING


===== PAGE 127 =====

3. To open the fuel filler door, press the center edge of the fuel filler door. Information If the driver side door lock is not released, the fuel cover is not open. 4. Pull the fuel filler door (1) out to fully open. 5. To remove the fuel tank cap (2), turn it counterclockwise. You may hear a hissing noise as the pressure inside the tank equalizes. 6. Place the cap on the fuel filler door. Closing the fuel filler door 1. To install the fuel tank cap, turn it clockwise until it “clicks” one time. 2. Close the fuel filler door until it is latched securely. Petrol is highly flammable and explosive. Failure to follow these guidelines may result in SERIOUS INJURY or DEATH: • Read and follow all warnings posted at the gas station. • Before refueling, note the location of the Emergency Petrol Shut-Off, if available, at the gas station. • Before touching the fuel nozzle, you should eliminate the potential build-up of static electricity by touching a metal part of the vehicle, a safe distance away from the fuel filler neck, nozzle, or other gas source, with your bare hand. WARNING OTLE048031 OTLE048035


===== PAGE 128 =====

• Do not use cellular phones while refueling. Electric current and/or electronic interference from cellular phones can potentially ignite fuel vapors and cause a fire. • Do not get back into a vehicle once you have begun refueling. You can generate a build-up of static electricity by touching, rubbing or sliding against any item or fabric capable of producing static electricity. Static electricity discharge can ignite fuel vapors causing a fire. If you must reenter the vehicle, you should once again eliminate potentially dangerous static electricity discharge by touching a metal part of the vehicle, away from the fuel filler neck, nozzle or other Petrol source, with your bare hand. • When refueling, always move the shift lever to the P (Park) position, set the parking brake, and place the ignition switch to the LOCK/OFF position. Sparks produced by electrical components related to the engine can ignite fuel vapors causing a fire. • When using an approved portable fuel container, be sure to place the container on the ground prior to refueling. Static electricity discharge from the container can ignite fuel vapors causing a fire. Once refueling has begun, contact between your bare hand and the vehicle should be maintained until the filling is complete. • Use only approved portable plastic fuel containers designed to carry and store petrol. • Do not use matches or a lighter and do not smoke or leave a lit cigarette in your vehicle while at a gas station, especially during refueling. • Do not over-fill or top-off your vehicle tank, which can cause petrol spillage. • If a fire breaks out during refueling, leave the vicinity of the vehicle, and immediately contact the manager of the gas station and then contact the local fire department. Follow any safety instructions they provide. • If pressurized fuel sprays out, it can cover your clothes or skin and thus subject you to the risk of fire and burns. Always remove the fuel cap carefully and slowly. If the cap is venting fuel or if you hear a hissing sound, wait until the condition stops before completely removing the cap. • Always check that the fuel cap is installed securely to prevent fuel spillage in the event of an accident.


===== PAGE 129 =====

Information Make sure to refuel your vehicle according to the "Fuel Requirements" suggested in the Introduction chapter. • Do not spill fuel on the exterior surfaces of the vehicle. Any type of fuel spilled on painted surfaces may damage the paint. • If the fuel filler cap requires replacement, use only a genuine HYUNDAI cap or the equivalent specified for your vehicle. An incorrect fuel filler cap can result in a serious malfunction of the fuel system or emission control system. Non-power tailgate Opening the tailgate • The tailgate is locked or unlocked when all doors are locked or unlocked with the key, transmitter, smart key central door lock/unlock switch. • Only the tailgate is unlocked if the tailgate unlock button on the transmitter or smart key is pressed for approximately 1 second. • If unlocked, the tailgate can be opened by pressing the handle and pulling it up. • Once the tailgate is opened and then closed, the tailgate locks automatically. (All doors must be locked.) NOTICE OTLE048036 The tailgate swings upward. Make sure no objects or people are near the rear of the vehicle when opening the tailgate. WARNING Make certain that you close the tailgate before driving your vehicle. Possible damage may occur to the tailgate lift cylinders and attaching hardware if the tailgate is not closed prior to driving. CAUTION


===== PAGE 130 =====

Closing the tailgate Lower and push down the tailgate firmly. Make sure that the tailgate is securely latched. OTLE048037 Make sure your hands, feet and other parts of your body are safely out of the way before closing the tailgate. WARNING Make sure nothing is near the tailgate latch and striker while closing the tailgate. It may damage the tailgate's latch. CAUTION Always keep the tailgate lid completely closed while the vehicle is in motion. If it is left open or ajar, poisonous exhaust gases containing carbon monoxide (CO) may enter the vehicle and serious illness or death may result. WARNING Rear cargo area Occupants should never ride in the rear cargo area where restraints are available. To avoid injury in the event of an accident or sudden stops, occupants should always be properly restrained. WARNING Do not hold the part (gas lifter) that supports the tailgate. Be aware that the deformation of the part may cause vehicle damage and a risk of safety accident. WARNING OHYK047009


===== PAGE 131 =====

Emergency tailgate safety release Your vehicle is equipped with the emergency tailgate safety release lever located on the bottom of the tailgate. When someone is inadvertently locked in the luggage compartment. The tailgate can be opened by doing as follows: 1. Remove the cover. 2. Push the release lever to the right. 3. Push up the tailgate. Power tailgate (if equipped) The power tailgate operates when: • The power tailgate button is pressed with the engine off. If you want to operate with the tailgate unlock button on the smart key, you can only ignition switch is OFF position. • The power tailgate button is pressed when the ignition switch is in the ON position with the shift lever in P (Park). OTLE048038 • For emergencies, be fully aware of the location of the emergency tailgate safety release lever in the vehicle and how to open the tailgate if you are accidentally locked in the luggage compartment. • No one should be allowed to occupy the luggage compartment of the vehicle at any time. The luggage compartment is a very dangerous location in the event of a crash. • Use the release lever for emergencies only. Use with extreme caution, especially while the vehicle is in motion. WARNING OTLE048039R Power tailgate button■


===== PAGE 132 =====

To activate or de-activate the power tailgate, go to User Settings mode and select the Power Tailgate on the LCD display. For more details, refer to “LCD Display” in this chapter. For emergency stop while operating, press any one of the Power tailgate button, Power tailgate handle switch, Power tailgate inner switch or Tailgate unlock button on the smart key shortly. When the tailgate is restarted in the emergency stop state, it may be different from the direction of operation before stopping. NOTICE OTLE048040 OTLE048041 Power tailgate handle switch■ Power tailgate inner switch■ Never leave children or animals unattended your vehicle. Children or animals might operate the power tailgate that could result in injury to themselves or others, or damage the vehicle. WARNING Make sure there are no people or objects around the tailgate before operating the power tailgate. Wait until the tailgate is opened fully and stopped before loading or unloading cargo or passengers from the vehicle. WARNING Do not close or open the power tailgate manually. This may cause damage to the power tailgate. If it is necessary to close or open the power tailgate manually when the battery is discharged or disconnected, do not apply excessive force. CAUTION


===== PAGE 133 =====

Opening the tailgate The power tailgate will open automatically by doing one of the following: • Press the tailgate unlock button on the smart key for approximately one second. • Press the power tailgate button for approximately one second. • Press the tailgate handle switch carrying the smart key with you.  OTLE048040 OTLE048039R


===== PAGE 134 =====

Closing the tailgate The power tailgate will close automatically by doing one of the following: • Press the tailgate unlock button on the smart key for approximately one second when the tailgate is opened. The tailgate will close and lock automatically. • Press the power tailgate button for approximately one second when the tailgate is opened. The tailgate will close and lock automatically. • Press the power tailgate inner switch for approximately one second when the tailgate is opened. The tailgate will close and lock automatically. OTLE048039R OTLE048041


===== PAGE 135 =====

Power tailgate non-opening conditions The tailgate does not open when the vehicle is in motion. Information • The power tailgate can be operated when the engine is not running. However the power tailgate operation consumes large amounts of vehicle electric power. To prevent the battery from being discharged, do not operate it excessively. (e.g.: more than approximately 10 times repeatedly.) • To prevent the battery from being discharged, do not leave the power tailgate in the open position for a long time. • Do not modify or repair any part of the power tailgate by yourself. We recommend that you contact an authorized HYUNDAI dealer. • When jacking up the vehicle to change a tire or repair the vehicle, do not operate the power tailgate. This could cause the power tailgate to operate improperly. • In cold and wet climates, the power tailgate may not work properly due to freezing conditions. Automatic reversal During power opening and closing if the power tailgate is blocked by an object or part of the body, the power tailgate will detect the resistance. • If the resistance is detected while opening the tailgate, it will stop and move in the opposite direction. • If the resistance is detected while closing the tailgate, it will stop and move in the opposite direction. OTLE048042 The chime will sound if you drive with the tailgate opened. Stop your vehicle immediately at a safe place and check if your tailgate is opened. WARNING Operating the power tailgate more than 5 times continuously could cause damages to the operating motor. In this case, the system enters into a thermal protection mode. In thermal protection mode, the power tailgate can not operate and the chime will sound for 3 times by any switch inputs. Leave your power tailgate system for rest about 1 minute and then operate. CAUTION


===== PAGE 136 =====

However, if the resistance is weak such as from an object that is thin or soft, or the tailgate is near the latched position, the automatic stop and reversal may not detect the resistance. If the automatic reversal feature operates continuously more than twice during opening or closing operation, the power tailgate may stop at that position. At this time, close the tailgate manually and operate the tailgate automatically again. How to reset the power tailgate If the battery has been discharged or disconnected, or if the related fuse has been replaced or disconnected, for the power tailgate to operate normally, reset the power tailgate as follow: 1. Put the shifte lever is in P (Park). 2. While Pressing the power tailgate inner switch, press the tailgate handle switch for more than 3 seconds. (the chime will sound) 3. Close the tailgate manually. If the power tailgate does not work properly after the above procedure, we recommend that the system be checked by an authorized HYUNDAI dealer. Information If the power tailgate does not operate normally, check again if the gear position is in right position. Power tailgate opening height user setting The driver may set the height of a fully opened tailgate by following the below instruction. 1. Position the tailgate manually to the height you prefer. 2. Press the power tailgate inner switch for more than 3 seconds. 3. Close the tailgate manually after hearing the buzzer sound. The tailgate will open to the height the driver has set up. OTLE048041 Never intentionally place any object or part of your body in the path of the power tailgate to make sure the automatic reversal operates. WARNING Do not put heavy stuffs on the power tailgate before you operate the power tailgate. Additional weight on tailgate could cause damages to the system. CAUTION


===== PAGE 137 =====

Emergency tailgate safety release Your vehicle is equipped with the emergency tailgate safety release lever located on the bottom of the tailgate. When someone is inadvertently locked in the luggage compartment, the tailgate can be opened by doing as follows: 1. Remove the cover. 2. Push the release lever to the right. 3. Push up the tailgate. • For emergencies, be fully aware of the location of the emergency tailgate safety release lever in the vehicle and how to open the tailgate if you are accidentally locked in the luggage compartment. • No one should be allowed to occupy the luggage compartment of the vehicle at any time. The luggage compartment is a very dangerous location in the event of a crash. • Use the release lever for emergencies only. Use with extreme caution, especially while the vehicle is in motion. WARNING OTLE048038 Always keep the tailgate lid completely closed while the vehicle is in motion. If it is left open or ajar, poisonous exhaust gases containing carbon monoxide (CO) may enter the vehicle and serious illness or death may result. WARNING Rear cargo area Occupants should never ride in the rear cargo area where no restraints are available. To avoid injury in the event of an accident or sudden stops, occupants should always properly restrained. WARNING


===== PAGE 138 =====

Smart tailgate (if equipped) On the vehicle equipped with a smart key, the tailgate can be opened with no-touch activation using the Smart tailgate system. How to use the Smart Tailgate The tailgate can be opened with notouch activation satisfying all the conditions below. • After 15 seconds when all doors are closed and locked • Positioned in the detecting area for more than 3 seconds. Information • The Smart Tailgate does not operate when: - The smart key is detected within 15 seconds after the doors are closed and locked, and is continuously detected. - The smart key is detected within 15 seconds after the doors are closed and locked, and 1.5 m (60 in.) from the front door handles. (for vehicles equipped with Welcome Light) - A door is not locked or closed. - The smart key is in the vehicle. 1. Setting To activate the Smart Tailgate, go to User Settings Mode and select Smart Tailgate on the LCD display. For more details, refer to "LCD❈ Display" in this chapter. 2. Detect and Alert If you are positioned in the detecting area (50 ~100 cm (20 ~ 40 in.) behind the vehicle) carrying a smart key, the hazard warning lights will blink and chime will sound to alert you the smart key has been detected and the tailgate will open. Information Do not approach the detecting area if you do not want the tailgate to open. If you have unintentionally entered the detecting area and the hazard warning lights and chime starts to operate, leave the detecting area with the smart key. The tailgate will stay closed. OTLE048045 OTLE048043


===== PAGE 139 =====

3. Automatic opening The hazard warning lights will blink and chime will sound 6 times and then the tailgate will slowly open. How to deactivate the Smart Tailgate function using the smart key 1. Door lock 2. Door unlock 3. Tailgate open 4. Panic If you press any button of the smart key during the Detect and Alert stage, the Smart Tailgate function will be deactivated. Make sure to be aware of how to deactivate the Smart Tailgate function for emergency situations. • Make certain that you close the tailgate before driving your vehicle. • Make sure there are no people or objects around the tailgate before opening or closing the tailgate. • Make sure objects in the rear cargo area do not come out when opening the tailgate on the slope way. It may cause serious injury. • Make sure to deactivate the Smart tailgate function when washing your vehicle. Otherwise, the tailgate may open inadvertently. • The key should be kept out of reach of children. Children may inadvertently open the Smart Tailgate while playing around the rear area of the vehicle. WARNING OLF044006 OTLE048044


===== PAGE 140 =====

Information • If you press the door unlock button (2), the Smart Tailgate function will be deactivated temporarily. But, if you do not open any door for 30 seconds, the Smart Tailgate function will be activated again. • If you press the tailgate open button (3) for more than 1 second, the tailgate opens. • If you press the door lock button (1) or tailgate open button (3) when the Smart Tailgate function is not in the Detect and Alert stage, the Smart Tailgate function will not be deactivated. • In case you have deactivated the Smart Tailgate function by pressing the smart key button and opened a door, the Smart Tailgate function can be activated again by closing and locking all doors. Detecting area • The Smart Tailgate operates with a welcome alert if the smart key is detected within 50 ~ 100 cm (20 ~ 40 in.) from the tailgate. • The alert stops at once if the smart key is positioned outside the detecting area during the Detect and Alert stage. Information • The Smart Tailgate function will not work if any of the following occurs: - The smart key is close to a radio transmitter such as a radio station or an airport which can interfere with normal operation of the transmitter. - The smart key is near a mobile two way radio system or a cellular phone. - Another vehicle's smart key is being operated close to your vehicle. • The detecting range may decrease or increase when : - One side of the tire is raised to replace a tire or to inspect the vehicle. - The vehicle is slantingly parked on a slope or unpaved road, etc. OTLE048046


===== PAGE 141 =====

1. Tachometer 2. Speedometer 3. Engine coolant temperature gauge 4. Fuel gauge 5. Warning and indicator lights 6. LCD display (including Trip computer)  The actual cluster in the vehicle may differ❈ from the illustration. For more details, refer to the "Gauges" in this chapter. Type A■


===== PAGE 142 =====

1. Tachometer 2. Speedometer 3. Engine coolant temperature gauge 4. Fuel gauge 5. Warning and indicator lights 6. LCD display (including Trip computer)  The actual cluster in the vehicle may differ❈ from the illustration. For more details, refer to the "Gauges" in this chapter. Type B■


===== PAGE 143 =====

Instrument cluster control Instrument panel illumination When the vehicle's parking lights or headlights are on, press the illumination control button to adjust the brightness of the instrument panel illumination. When pressing the illumination control button, the interior switch illumination intensity is also adjusted. • The brightness of the instrument panel illumination is displayed. • If the brightness reaches to the maximum or minimum level, an alarm will sound. Gauges Speedometer The speedometer indicates the speed of the vehicle and is calibrated in kilometers per hour (km/h). Never adjust the instrument cluster while driving. This could result in loss of control and lead to an accident that may cause death, serious injury, or property damage. WARNING OTLE045102 km/h■ OTLE048070R Type A■ OTLE048622R Type B■


===== PAGE 144 =====

Tachometer The tachometer indicates the approximate number of engine revolutions per minute (rpm). Use the tachometer to select the correct shift points and to prevent lugging and/or over-revving the engine. Do not operate the engine within the tachometer's RED ZONE. This may cause severe engine damage. Engine Coolant Temperature gauge This gauge indicates the temperature of the engine coolant when the ignition switch or Engine Start/Stop button is in the ON position. If the gauge pointer moves beyond the normal range area toward the "130 or H" position, it indicates overheating that may damage the engine. Do not continue driving with an overheated engine. If your vehicle overheats, refer to "If the Engine Overheats" in chapter 6. NOTICE NOTICE OTLE047107/OTLE045104 Diesel engine■ Petrol engine■ OTLE045105 Type A■ Type B■ Never remove the radiator cap when the engine is hot. The engine coolant is under pressure and could severe burns. Wait until the engine is cool before adding coolant to the reservoir. WARNING


===== PAGE 145 =====

Fuel Gauge This gauge indicates the approximate amount of fuel remaining in the fuel tank. Information • The fuel tank capacity is given in chapter 8. • The fuel gauge is supplemented by a low fuel warning light, which will illuminate when the fuel tank is nearly empty. • On inclines or curves, the fuel gauge pointer may fluctuate or the low fuel warning light may come on earlier than usual due to the movement of fuel in the tank. Avoid driving with a extremely low fuel level. Running out of fuel could cause the engine to misfire damaging the catalytic converter. Outside Temperature Gauge This gauge indicates the current outside air temperatures by 1°C (1°F). - Temperature range : -40°C ~ 60°C The outside temperature on the display may not change immediately like a general thermometer to prevent the driver from being inattentive. The temperature unit (from °C to °F or from °F to °C) can be changed as below procedures. And, the temperature unit of the cluster and the climate control display is changed at the same time. NOTICE OTLE045106 Type A■ Type B■ Fuel Gauge Running out of fuel can expose vehicle occupants to danger. You must stop and obtain additional fuel as soon as possible after the warning light comes on or when the gauge indicator comes close to the "0 or E (Empty)" level. WARNING / Type A■ Type B■


===== PAGE 146 =====

- User Settings Mode in the Cluster : You can change the temperature unit in the “Other Features - Temperature unit” . - Automatic climate control system : While pressing the OFF button, press the AUTO button for 3 seconds or more. Odometer The odometer indicates the total distance that the vehicle has been driven and should be used to determine when periodic maintenance should be performed. - Odometer range : 0~ 1,599,999 km Distance to empty • The distance to empty is the estimated distance the vehicle can be driven with the remaining fuel. • If the estimated distance is below 1 km, the trip computer will display “- --” as distance to empty. / Type A (km)■ Type B (km)■ OPD046138


===== PAGE 147 =====

Information • If the vehicle is not on level ground or the battery power has been interrupted, the distance to empty function may not operate correctly. • The distance to empty may differ from the actual driving distance as it is an estimate of the available driving distance. • The trip computer may not register additional fuel if less than 6 liters of fuel are added to the vehicle. • The distance to empty may vary significantly based on driving conditions, driving habits, and condition of the vehicle. Transmission Shift Indicator Automatic transmission Shift Indicator (if equipped) This indicator displays which automatic transmission shift lever is selected. • Park : P • Reverse : R • Neutral : N • Drive : D • Sports Mode : 6 speed transmission 8 speed transmission Automatic Transmission Shift Indicator (if equipped) In the Sports Mode, this indicator informs which gear is desired while driving to save fuel. / Type A■ Type B■ OTLE045134/OTLE045135 Type A■ Type B■


===== PAGE 148 =====

• Automatic transmission shift indicator (6 speed transmission) ▲▲▲▲▲- Shifting up : 2, 3, 4, 5,6 - Shifting down : 2, 3, 4, 5▼▼▼▼ • Automatic transmission shift indicator (8 speed transmission) ▲▲▲▲- Shifting up :2, 3, 4, 5, - Shifting down :2, 3, 4, 5, ▼▼▼▼ • Dual clutch transmission shift indicator ▲▲▲▲- Shifting up :2, 3, 4, 5, - Shifting down :2, 3, 4, 5, ▼▼▼▼ For example : Indicates that shifting up to the 3rd gear is desired (currently the shift lever is in the 2nd or 1st gear). : Indicates that shifting down to the 3rd gear is desired (currently the shift lever is in the 4th, 5th, or 6th gear). When the system is not working properly, the indicator is not displayed. Shift Indicator Pop-up (if equipped) The pop-up that indicates the current gear position is displayed in the cluster for about 2 seconds when shifting into other positions (P/R/N/D). / Type A■ Type B■


===== PAGE 149 =====

LCD display control [A] : Type A, [B] : Type B, [C] : Type C The LCD display modes can be changed by using the control buttons. : MODE button for changing modes (2) , : MOVE switch for chang-▲▼ ing items (3) OK : SELECT/RESET button for setting or resetting the selected item OTLE048112 OTLE048603


===== PAGE 150 =====

LCD modes Modes Symbol Explanation Trip Computer This mode displays driving information such as the tripmeter, fuel economy, etc. For more details, refer to "Trip Computer" in this chapter. Turn By Turn (TBT) This mode displays the state of the navigation. Driving Assist This mode displays the state of : - Tire pressure - Driving force distribution (4WD) For more information, refer to "Tire Pressure Monitoring System (TPMS)" in chapter 6 and "Four Wheel Drive" in chapter 5. User Settings In this mode, you can change settings of the doors, lamps, etc. Warning This mode displays warning messages related to Cruise Control system, etc. The information provided may differ depending on which functions are applicable to your vehicle.


===== PAGE 151 =====

Shift to P to edit settings / Engage parking brake to edit settings This warning message illuminates if you try to select the other User Settings item when driving. - Automatic transmission For safety, change the User Settings after parking the vehicle, applying the parking brake and moving the shift lever to P (Park) position. Quick guide (Help, if equipped) If you press and hold the OK button in the User Settings Mode, explanation about the selected item is displayed in the cluster. Trip computer mode This mode displays driving information like the tripmeter, fuel economy, and so on. For more details, refer to “Trip Computer” in this chapter. Turn By Turn (TBT) mode (if equipped) This mode displays the state of the navigation. OIK047124L OPDE046147


===== PAGE 152 =====

Driving Assist mode Tire Pressure This mode displays information related to Tire Pressure. For more information, refer to "Tire Pressure Monitoring System (TPMS)" in chapter 6. Driving force distribution (4WD) This mode displays information related to 4WD driving force. If the vehicle is in 4WD lock state, this mode is not displayed. For detailed information, refer to the "Four Wheel Drive" in the chapter 5. Warning message mode If one of followings occurs, warning messages will be displayed on the LCD display for several seconds. - Low washer fluid (if equipped) - Exterior lamp malfunction (if equipped) - Tire Pressure Monitoring System (TPMS, if equipped) User settings mode In this mode, you can change the settings of the instrument cluster, doors, lamps, etc. 1. Door 2. Lights 3. Sound 4. Convenience 5. Service interval 6. Other features 7. Language 8. Reset The information provided may differ depending on which functions are applicable to your vehicle. OTLE048605 OTM048127


===== PAGE 153 =====

Items Explanation Auto Lock • Disable : The auto door lock operation will be deactivated. • Enable on Speed: All doors will be automatically locked when the vehicle speed exceeds 15km/h (9.3mph). • Enable on Shift: All doors will be automatically locked if the automatic transaxle shift lever is shifted from the P (Park) position to the R (Reverse), N (Neutral), or D (Drive) position. Auto Unlock • Disable : The auto door unlock operation will be canceled. • On key out/Vehicle Off : All doors will be automatically unlocked when the ignition key is removed from the ignition switch or the Engine Start/Stop button is set to the OFF position. • On Shift to P: All doors will be automatically unlocked if the automatic transaxle shift lever is shifted to the P (Park) position. Power tailgate If this item is checked, the power tailgate function will be activated. For more details, refer to "Power tailgate" in this chapter. Smart tailgate To activate or deactivate the smart tailgate. For more details, refer to "Smart tailgate" in this chapter. 1. Door Items Explanation One Touch Turn Signal • Off: The one touch turn signal function will be deactivated. • 3, 5, 7 Flashes: The turn signal indicator will blink 3, 5, or 7 times when the turn signal lever is moved slightly. For more details, refer to "Lighting" in this chapter. Head Lamp Delay To activate or deactivate the headlamp delay function. For more details, refer to "Lighting" in this chapter. 2. Lights


===== PAGE 154 =====

Items Explanation Volume for PDW (Parking Distance Warning) To adjust the volume of the Parking Distance Warning (PDW) system. (Level 1~3) For more information, refer to the "Parking Distance Warning (PDW)" in chapter 5. Welcome sound To activate or deactivate the welcome sound. 3. Sound Items Explanation Welcome mirror/light To activate or deactivate the welcome mirror and welcome light function. For more details, refer to ''Welcome System'' in this chapter. Wireless Charging System To activate or deactivate the wireless charging system in the front seat. For more details, refer to "Wireless cellular phone charging system" in this chapter. Wiper/Lights Display To activate or deactivate the Wiper/ Light mode. When activated, the LCD display shows the selected Wiper/Light mode whenever you changed the mode. Auto rear wiper (reverse) • Off : The Auto Rear Wiper function will be deactivated. • ON : If you move the shift lever from D to R when the front wiper operates, the rear wiper will operate automatically. Then, if you move the shift lever from R to D, the rear wiper will stop. Gear Position Pop-up To activate or deactivate the gear position pop-up. When activated, the gear position will be displayed on the LCD display. Icy road warning To activate or deactivate the icy road warning. 4. Convenience


===== PAGE 155 =====

Items Explanation Service Interval To activate or deactivate the service interval function. Adjust Interval If the service interval menu is activated, you may adjust the time and distance. Reset To reset the service interval. 5. Service interval Information To use the service interval menu, consult an authorized HYUNDAI dealer. If the service interval is activated and the time and distance is adjusted, messages are displayed in the following situations each time the vehicle is turned on. - Service in : Displayed to inform the driver the remaining mileage and days to service. - Service required : Displayed when the mileage and days to service has been reached or passed. Information If any of the following conditions occur, the mileage and number of days to service may be incorrect. - The battery cable is disconnected. - The fuse switch is turned off. - The battery is discharged.


===== PAGE 156 =====

6. Other features 7. Language (if equipped) 8. Reset Settings Items Explanation Fuel Economy Auto Reset • Off: The average fuel economy will not reset automatically whenever refueling. • After Ignition: When the engine has been OFF for 4 hours or longer the average fuel economy will reset automatically. • After Refueling: The average fuel economy will reset automatically after adding 6 liters (1.6 gallons) of fuel or more and after driving speed exceeds 1 km/h (1 mph). For more information, refer to "Trip Computer" in this chapter. Fuel Economy Unit To select the fuel economy unit. (km/L L/100km or US gallon UK gallon)↔↔ Temperature Unit To select the temperature unit. Tire Pressure Unit To select the tire pressure unit. (psi, kPa, bar) Items Explanation Language Choose the language. You can choose the language in AVN device.(if equipped) Items Explanation Reset You can reset the menus in the User Settings Mode. All menus in the User Settings Mode are reset to factory settings, except language and service interval.


===== PAGE 157 =====

Warning messages (if equipped) Shift to P (for smart key system and automatic transmission) This warning message illuminates if you try to turn off the engine without the shift lever in P (Park) position. At this time, the Engine Start/Stop button turns to the ACC position (If you press the Engine Start/Stop button once more, it will turn to the ON position). Low key battery (for smart key system) This warning message illuminates if the battery of the smart key is discharged when the Engine Start/Stop button changes to the OFF position. Press START button while turning wheel (for smart key system) This warning message illuminates if the steering wheel does not unlock normally when the Engine Start/Stop button is pressed. It means that you should press the Engine Start/Stop button while turning the steering wheel right and left. Steering wheel unlocked (for smart key system) This warning message illuminates if the steering wheel does not lock when the Engine Start/Stop button changes to the OFF position. Check steering wheel lock system (for smart key system) This warning message illuminates if the steering wheel does not lock normally when the Engine Start/Stop button changes to the OFF position. Press brake pedal to start engine (for smart key system and automatic transmission) This warning message illuminates if the Engine Start/Stop button changes to the ACC position twice by pressing the button repeatedly without depressing the brake pedal. It means that you should depress the brake pedal to start the engine. Key not in vehicle (for smart key system) This warning message illuminates if the smart key is not in the vehicle when you press the Engine Start/Stop button. It means that you always have the smart key with you. Key not detected (for smart key system) This warning message illuminates if the smart key is not detected when you press the Engine Start/Stop button.


===== PAGE 158 =====

Press START button again (for smart key system) This warning message illuminates if you can not operate the Engine Start/Stop button when there is a problem with the Engine Start/Stop button system. It means that you could start the engine by pressing the Engine Start/Stop button once more. If the warning illuminates each time you press the Engine Start/Stop button, we recommend that you have the vehicle inspected by an authorized HYUNDAI dealer. Press START button with key (for smart key system) This warning message illuminates if you press the Engine Start/Stop button while the warning message “Key not detected” is illuminating. At this time, the immobilizer indicator light blinks. Check BRAKE SWITCH fuse (for smart key system and automatic transmission) This warning message illuminates if the brake switch fuse is disconnectIt means that you should replace the fuse with a new one. If that is not possible, you can start the engine by pressing the Engine Start/Stop button for 10 seconds in the ACC position. Shift to P or N to start engine (for smart key system and automatic transmission) This warning message illuminates if you try to start the engine with the shift lever not in the P (Park) or N (Neutral) position. Information You can start the engine with the shift lever in the N (Neutral) position. But, for your safety, we recommend that you start the engine with the shift lever in the P (Park) position.


===== PAGE 159 =====

Door, Hood, Tailgate Open It means that any door, hood, or tailgate is open. Sunroof Open (if equipped) This warning message illuminates if you turn off the engine when the sunroof is open. Lights mode This indicator displays which exterior light is selected using the lighting control. Before driving the vehicle, you should confirm that the door/ hood/tailgate is fully closed. Also, check there is no door/ hood/tailgate open warning light or message displayed on the instrument cluster. CAUTION OTLE048607 OIK047145L/OIK047163L Type A■ Type B■ OTLE048606


===== PAGE 160 =====

Wiper mode This indicator displays which wiper speed is selected using the wiper control. Low Pressure (if equipped) This warning message illuminates if the tire pressure is low with the Engine Start/Stop button in ON position. For more details, refer to "Tire Pressure Monitoring System (TPMS)" in chapter 6. Turn on FUSE SWITCH This warning message illuminates if the fuse switch located on the fuse box under the steering wheel is OFF. It means that you should turn the fuse switch on. For more details, refer to “Fuses” in chapter 7. OPD047125L/ Front (Type A, Type B)■ OPD047126L/OPDE046126 Rear (Type A, Type B)■ OTLE048608 OIK057165L


===== PAGE 161 =====

Heated Steering Wheel Off (if equipped) This message illuminates if the heated steering wheel will turn off automatically approximately 30 minutes after the heated steering wheel is turned on. For more details, refer to “Heated Steering Wheel” in this chapter. Low washer fluid (if equipped) • This warning message illuminates on the service reminder mode if the washer fluid level in the reservoir is nearly empty. • It means that you should refill the washer fluid. Low fuel • This warning message illuminates if the fuel tank is nearly empty. - When the low fuel level warning light is illuminates. - When the trip computer displays “--- km(or mile)” as distance to empty. Add fuel as soon as possible. Engine has overheated This warning message illuminates with a warning chime when the engine coolant temperature is above 120°C (248°F). This means that the engine is overheated and may be damaged. If your vehicle is overheated, refer to “Overheating” in chapter 6. Check headlight (if equipped) This warning message is displayed if the headlamps are not operating properly. In addition, if a specific lamp(turn signal lamp etc.) is not operating properly, the warning message according to a specific lamp (turn signal lamp etc.) is displayed. A corresponding bulb may need to be replaced. Information Make sure to replace the burned out bulb with a new one of the same wattage rating. If not, this warning message will not be displayed. Low engine oil (if equipped) This warning message is displayed when the engine oil level should be checked. If this warning message is displayed, check the engine oil level as soon as possible and add engine oil as required. Slowly pour the recommended oil little by little into a funnel. (Oil refill capacity : approximately 0.6 ~ 1.0 )l Use only the specified engine oil. (Refer to "Recommended lubricants and capacities" in chapter 8.) Do not overfill the engine oil. Make sure the oil level is not above F (Full) mark on the dipstick. Information If you travel approximately 50 km ~ 100 km after the engine warms up, after adding the engine oil, the warning message will be disappeared.


===== PAGE 162 =====

If the message is displayed continuously after adding the engine oil and travelling approximately 50~100 km after the engine warms up, we recommend that the system be checked by an authorized HYUNDAI dealer. Even if this message is not displayed after the engine has started, the engine oil level should be periodically checked and topped up if required. Check exhaust system (if equipped) This warning message illuminates if the DPF or GPF system has a malfunction. at this time, DPF or GPF warning light also blinks. In this case, we recommend that you have the DPF or GPF system checked by an authorized HYUNDAI dealer. DPF : Diesel Particulate Filter GPF : Petrol Particulate Filter For more details, refer to "Warning lights" in this chapter. Low urea (for diesel engine) This warning message illuminates if the urea solution level in the urea solution tank is nearly empty. - When the SCR warning light is illuminates. Refill urea solution as soon as possible. For more details, refer to "Low urea solution warning message" in the chapter 7. Check urea system (for diesel engine) This warning message illuminates if the urea system has a malfunction. In this case, we recommend that you have the urea system checked by an authorized HYUNDAI dealer. For more details, refer to "Low urea solution warning message" in the chapter 7. NOTICE


===== PAGE 163 =====

The trip computer is a microcomputer-controlled driver information system that displays information related to driving. Information Some driving information stored in the trip computer (for example Average Vehicle Speed) resets if the battery is disconnected. Trip modes [A] : Type A, [B] : Type B, [C] : Type C To change the trip mode, toggle the ” switch on the steering wheel. • Tripmeter • Average Fuel Economy • Elapsed Time Accumulated Info • Tripmeter • Average Fuel Economy • Elapsed Time Drive Info • Average Fuel Economy • Instant Fuel Economy Fuel Economy Digital Speedometer DCT temperature (if equipped) Urea level (if equipped) OTLE048112 OTLE048603


===== PAGE 164 =====

Fuel economy Average Fuel Economy (1) • The average fuel economy is calculated by the total driving distance and fuel consumption since the last average fuel economy reset. • The average fuel economy can be reset both manually and automatically. Manual reset To clear the average fuel economy manually, press the [OK] button on the steering wheel for more than 1 second when the average fuel economy is displayed. Automatic reset To automatically reset the average fuel economy after refueling, select the "Auto Reset" mode in the User Settings menu on the LCD display. - After Ignition: The average fuel economy will reset automatically whenever it has passed 4 hours after turning OFF the engine. - After Refueling: The average fuel economy will reset automatically when driving speed exceeds 1 km/h, after adding 6 liters (1.6 gallons) of fuel or more. Information The average fuel economy may be inaccurate, when the vehicle drives shorter than 300 meters (0.19 miles) after turning ON the Engine Start/Stop button. Instant Fuel Economy (2) • This mode displays the instant fuel economy during the last few seconds when the vehicle speed is more than 10 km/h (6.2 MPH). Accumulated Info display This display shows the accumulated trip distance (1), the average fuel economy (2), and the total driving time (3). The information is accumulated starting from the last reset. To manually reset the information, press and hold the OK button when viewing the Accumulated driving info. The trip distance, the average fuel economy, and total driving time will reset simultaneously. OIK047124L OIK047174L/OIK047175L Type A■ Type B■


===== PAGE 165 =====

The accumulated driving information will continue to be counted while the engine is still running (for example, when the vehicle is in traffic or stopped at a stop light). Information The vehicle must be driven for a minimum of 300 meters (0.19 miles) since the last ignition key cycle before the average fuel economy will be recalculated. Drive Info display This display shows the trip distance (1), the average fuel economy (2), and the total driving time (3). The information is combined for each ignition cycle. However, when the engine has been OFF for 4 hours or longer the Drive Info screen will reset. To manually reset the information, press and hold the OK button when viewing the Drive Info. The trip distance, the average fuel economy, and total driving time will reset simultaneously. The driving information will continue to be counted while the engine is still running (for example, when the vehicle is in traffic or stopped at a stop light.) Information The vehicle must be driven for a minimum of 300 meters (0.19 miles) since the last ignition key cycle before the average fuel economy will be recalculated. OIK047176L/OIK047177L Type A■ Type B■


===== PAGE 166 =====

Digital Speedometer This message shows the speed of the vehicle (km/h, MPH). Urea level gauge (for diesel engine, if equipped) This mode displays the amount of the remaining urea solution in the urea solution tank. OIK047151 Type A■ Type B■ OTM048163L/


===== PAGE 167 =====

Warning lights Information Make sure that all warning lights are OFF after starting the engine. If any light is still ON, this indicates a situation that needs attention. Air bag Warning Light This warning light illuminates: • Once you set the ignition switch or the Engine Start/Stop button to the ON position. - It illuminates for approximately 6 seconds and then goes off. • When there is a malfunction with the SRS. In this case, we recommend that you have the vehicle inspected by an authorized HYUNDAI dealer. Seat Belt Warning Light This warning light informs the driver that the seat belt is not fastened. For more details, refer to the “Seat Belts” in chapter 2.


===== PAGE 168 =====

Parking Brake & Brake Fluid Warning Light This warning light illuminates: • Once you set the ignition switch or the Engine Start/Stop button to the ON position. - It illuminates for approximately 3 seconds - It remains on if the parking brake is applied. • When the parking brake is applied. • When the brake fluid level in the reservoir is low. - If the warning light illuminates with the parking brake released, it indicates the brake fluid level in reservoir is low. If the brake fluid level in the reservoir is low: 1. Drive carefully to the nearest safe location and stop your vehicle. 2. With the engine stopped, check the brake fluid level immediately and add fluid as required (For more details, refer to “Brake Fluid” in chapter 7). Then check all brake components for fluid leaks. If any leak on brake system is still found, the warning light remains on, or the brakes do not operate properly, do not drive the vehicle. In this case, we recommend that you have the vehicle towed to an authorized HYUNDAI dealer and inspected. Dual-diagonal braking system Your vehicle is equipped with dualdiagonal braking systems. This means you still have braking on two wheels even if one of the dual systems should fail. With only one of the dual systems working, more than normal pedal travel and greater pedal pressure are required to stop the vehicle. Also, the vehicle will not stop in as short a distance with only a portion of the brake system working. If the brakes fail while you are driving, shift to a lower gear for additional engine braking and stop the vehicle as soon as it is safe to do so.


===== PAGE 169 =====

Anti-lock Brake System (ABS) Warning Light This warning light illuminates: • Once you set the ignition switch or the Engine Start/Stop button to the ON position. - It illuminates for approximately 3 seconds and then goes off. • When there is a malfunction with the ABS (The normal braking system will still be operational without the assistance of the anti-lock brake system). In this case, we recommend that you have the vehicle inspected by an authorized HYUNDAI dealer. Electronic Brake force Distribution (EBD) System Warning Light These two warning lights illuminate at the same time while driving: • When the ABS and regular brake system may not work normally. In this case, we recommend that you have the vehicle inspected by an authorized HYUNDAI dealer. Parking Brake & Brake Fluid Warning Light Driving the vehicle with a warning light ON is dangerous. If the Parking Brake & Brake Fluid Warning Light illuminates with the parking brake released, it indicates that the brake fluid level is low. In this case, we recommend that you have the vehicle inspected by an authorized HYUNDAI dealer. WARNING


===== PAGE 170 =====

Information - Electronic Brake force Distribution (EBD) System Warning Light When the ABS Warning Light is on or both ABS and Parking Brake & Brake Fluid Warning Lights are on, the speedometer, odometer, or tripmeter may not work. Also, the EPS Warning Light may illuminate and the steering effort may increase or decrease. In this case, we recommend you have the vehicle inspected by an authorized HYUNDAI dealer as soon as possible. Electronic Parking Brake (EPB) Warning Light (if equipped) This warning light illuminates: • Once you set the ignition switch or the Engine Start/Stop button to the ON position. - It illuminates for approximately 3 seconds and then goes off. • When there is a malfunction with the EPB. In this case, we recommend that you have the vehicle inspected by an authorized HYUNDAI dealer. Information - Electronic Parking Brake (EPB) Warning Light The Electronic Parking Brake (EPB) Warning Light may illuminate when the Electronic Stability control (ESC) Indicator Light comes on to indicates that the ESC is not working properly (This does not indicate malfunction of the EPB). Electronic Brake force Distribution (EBD) System Warning Light When both ABS and Parking Brake & Brake Fluid Warning Lights are on, the brake system will not work normally and you may experience an unexpected and dangerous situation during sudden braking. In this case, avoid high speed driving and abrupt braking. We recommend you have the vehicle inspected by an authorized HYUNDAI dealer as soon as possible. WARNING EPB


===== PAGE 171 =====

Electric Power Steering (EPS) Warning Light This warning light illuminates: • Once you set the ignition switch or the Engine Start/Stop button to the ON position. - This indicator light comes on after the ignition key is turned to the ON position and then goes out after approximately 3 seconds. • When there is a malfunction with the EPS. In this case, we recommend that you have the vehicle inspected by an authorized HYUNDAI dealer. Malfunction Indicator Lamp (MIL) This warning light illuminates: • Once you set the ignition switch or the Engine Start/Stop button to the ON position. - It remains on until the engine is started. • When there is a malfunction with the emission control system. In this case, we recommend that you have the vehicle inspected by an authorized HYUNDAI dealer. - Malfunction Indicator Lamp (MIL) Driving with the Malfunction Indicator Lamp (MIL) on may cause damage to the emission control systems which could affect drivability and/or fuel economy. - Petrol Engine If the Malfunction Indicator Lamp (MIL) illuminates, potential catalytic converter damage is possible which could result in loss of engine power. In this case, we recommend that you have the vehicle inspected by an authorized HYUNDAI dealer as soon as possible. NOTICE NOTICE Diesel Engine If the Malfunction Indicator Lamp (MIL) blinks, some error related to the injection quantity adjustment occurs which could result in loss of engine power, combustion noise and poor emission. In this case, we recommend that you have the engine control system inspected by an authorized HYUNDAI dealer. CAUTION


===== PAGE 172 =====

Charging System Warning Light This warning light illuminates: • Once you set the ignition switch or the Engine Start/Stop button to the ON position. - It remains on until the engine is started. • When there is a malfunction with either the alternator or electrical charging system. If there is a malfunction with either the alternator or electrical charging system: 1. Drive carefully to the nearest safe location and stop your vehicle. 2. Turn the engine off and check the alternator drive belt for looseness or breakage. If the belt is adjusted properly, there may be a problem in the electrical charging system. In this case, we recommend that you have the vehicle inspected by an authorized HYUNDAI dealer as soon as possible. Engine Oil Pressure Warning Light This warning light illuminates: • Once you set the ignition switch or the Engine Start/Stop button to the ON position. - It remains on until the engine is started. • When the engine oil pressure is low. If the engine oil pressure is low: 1. Drive carefully to the nearest safe location and stop your vehicle. 2. Turn the engine off and check the engine oil level (For more details, refer to “Engine Oil” in chapter 7). If the level is low, add oil as required. If the warning light remains on after adding oil or if oil is not available, we recommend that you have the vehicle inspected by an authorized HYUNDAI dealer as soon as possible.


===== PAGE 173 =====

- Engine Oil Pressure Warning Light • If the engine does not stop immediately after the Engine Oil Pressure Warning Light is illuminated, severe damage could result. • If the warning light stays on while the engine is running, it indicates that there may be serious engine damage or malfunction. In this case, 1. Stop the vehicle as soon as it is safe to do so. 2. Turn off the engine and check the oil level. If the oil level is low, fill the engine oil to the proper level. 3. Start the engine again. If the warning light stays on after the engine is started, turn the engine off immediately. In this case, we recommend that you have the vehicle inspected by an authorized HYUNDAI dealer. Low Fuel Level Warning Light This warning light illuminates: When the fuel tank is nearly empty. If the fuel tank is nearly empty: Add fuel as soon as possible. - Low Fuel Level Driving with the Low Fuel Level warning light on or with the fuel level below “0 or E” can cause the engine to misfire and damage the catalytic converter (if equipped). Overspeed Warning Light (if equipped) This warning light blinks: • When you drive the vehicle more than 120 km/h. - This is to prevent you from driving your vehicle with overspeed. - The overspeed warning chime also sound for approximately 5 seconds. NOTICE NOTICE km/h


===== PAGE 174 =====

Master Warning Light This indicator light illuminates: • When there is a malfunction on the below systems. - Low washer fluid (if equipped) - Exterior lamp malfunction (if equipped) - Tire Pressure Monitoring System (TPMS, if equipped) To identify the details of the warning, look at the LCD display. Low Tire Pressure Warning Light (if equipped) This warning light illuminates: • Once you set Engine Start/Stop button to the ON position. - It illuminates for approximately 3 seconds and then goes off. • When one or more of your tires are significantly underinflated (The location of the underinflated tires are displayed on the LCD display). For more details, refer to “Tire Pressure Monitoring System (TPMS)” in chapter 6. This warning light remains on after blinking for approximately 60 seconds or repeats blinking and off at the intervals of approximately 3 seconds: • When there is a malfunction with the TPMS. In this case, we recommend that you have the vehicle inspected by an authorized HYUNDAI dealer as soon as possible. For more details, refer to “Tire Pressure Monitoring System (TPMS)” in chapter 6.


===== PAGE 175 =====

Fuel Filter Warning Light (Diesel Engine) This warning light illuminates: • Once you set the ignition switch or Engine Start/Stop Button to the ON position. - It illuminates for approximately 3 seconds and then goes off. • When water has accumulated inside the fuel filter. In this case, remove the water from the fuel filter. For more details, refer to “Fuel Filter” in chapter 7. Fuel Filter Warning Light • When the Fuel Filter Warning Light illuminates, engine power (vehicle speed & idle speed) may decrease. • If you keep driving with the warning light on, engine parts (injector, common rail, high pressure fuel pump) may be damaged. If this occurs, we recommend that you have the vehicle inspected by an authorized HYUNDAI dealer as soon as possible. CAUTION Safe Stopping • The TPMS cannot alert you to severe and sudden tire damage caused by external factors. • If you notice any vehicle instability, immediately take your foot off the accelerator pedal, apply the brakes gradually with light force, and slowly move to a safe position off the road. WARNING


===== PAGE 176 =====

4 Wheel Drive (4WD) Warning Light (if equipped) This warning light illuminates: • Once you set the ignition switch or Engine Start/Stop Button to the ON position. - It illuminates for approximately 3 seconds and then goes off. • When there is a malfunction with the 4WD system. In this case, we recommend that you have the vehicle inspected by an authorized HYUNDAI dealer. Headlight Warning Light (if equipped) This warning light illuminates: • When there is a malfunction (burnedout bulb except LED light or circuit malfunction) with the exterior lights (headlight, brake light, fog light, etc.). In this case, we recommend that you have your vehicle inspected by an authorized HYUNDAI dealer. Information Make sure to replace the burned out bulb with a new one of the same wattage rating. If not, this warning message will not be displayed. Exhaust System (DPF) Warning Light (Diesel engine, if equipped) This warning light illuminates: • When there is a malfunction with Diesel Particulate Filter (DPF) system. • When this warning light illuminates, it may turn off after driving the vehicle: - at more than 60km/h (37 mph), or - at more than 2nd gear with 1500 ~ 2000 engine rpm for a certain time (for about 25 minutes). If the this warning light blinks in spite of the procedure (at this time LCD warning message will be displayed), we recommend that you have the DPF system checked by an authorized HYUNDAI dealer. If you continue to drive with the DPF warning light blinking for a long time, the DPF system can be damaged and fuel consumption can worsen. NOTICE


===== PAGE 177 =====

Exhaust System (GPF) Warning Light (Petrol engine, if equipped) This warning light illuminates: • When accumulated soot reaches a certain amount. • When this warning light illuminates, it may turn off after driving the vehicle under the following condition: - at more than 80 km/h (50 mph) for about 30 minutes (above 3rd gear with 1500 ~ 4000 engine rpm). If this warning light blinks in spite of the procedure (at this time LCD warning message will be displayed), we recommend that you have the GPF system checked by an authorized HYUNDAI dealer. If you continue to drive with the GPF warning light blinking for a long time, the GPF system can be damaged and fuel consumption can worsen. SCR warning light (Diesel engine, if equipped) This warning light illuminates: • When the urea solution tank is nearly empty. If the urea solution tank is nearly empty: • Refill urea solution as soon as possible. For more details, refer to "Low urea solution warning message" in the chapter 7. Indicator lights Electronic Stability Control (ESC) Indicator Light This indicator light illuminates: • Once you set the ignition switch or the Engine Start/Stop button to the ON position. - It illuminates for approximately 3 seconds and then goes off. • When there is a malfunction with the ESC system. In this case, we recommend that you have the vehicle inspected by an authorized HYUNDAI dealer. This indicator light blinks: While the ESC is operating. For more details, refer to “Electronic Stability Control (ESC)” in chapter 5. NOTICE


===== PAGE 178 =====

Electronic Stability Control (ESC) OFF Indicator Light This indicator light illuminates: • Once you set the ignition switch or the Engine Start/Stop button to the ON position. - It illuminates for approximately 3 seconds and then goes off. • When you deactivate the ESC system by pressing the ESC OFF button. For more details, refer to “Electronic Stability Control (ESC)” in chapter 5. Immobilizer Indicator Light (without smart key) This indicator light illuminates: When the vehicle detects the immobilizer in your key properly while the ignition switch is ON. - At this time, you can start the engine. - The indicator light goes off after starting the engine. This indicator light blinks: When there is a malfunction with the immobilizer system. In this case, we recommend that you have the vehicle inspected by an authorized HYUNDAI dealer. Immobilizer Indicator Light (With Smart Key) This indicator light illuminates for up to 30 seconds: • When the vehicle detects the smart key in the vehicle properly while the Engine Start/Stop button is ACC or ON. - At this time, you can start the engine. - The indicator light goes off after starting the engine. This indicator light blinks for a few seconds: • When the smart key is not in the vehicle. - At this time, you can not start the engine.


===== PAGE 179 =====

This indicator light illuminates for 2 seconds and goes off: • When the vehicle can not detect the smart key which is in the vehicle while the Engine Start/Stop button is ON. In this case, we recommend that you have the vehicle inspected by an authorized HYUNDAI dealer. This indicator light blinks: • When the battery of the smart key is weak. - At this time, you can not start the engine. However, you can start the engine if you press the Engine Start/Stop button with the smart key. (For more details, refer to “Starting the Engine” in chapter • When there is a malfunction with the immobilizer system. In this case, we recommend that you have the vehicle inspected by an authorized HYUNDAI dealer. Turn Signal Indicator Light This indicator light blinks: • When you turn the turn signal light If any of the following occurs, there may a malfunction with the turn signal system. In this case, we recommend that you have the vehicle inspected by an authorized HYUNDAI dealer. - The indicator light does not blink but illuminates. - The indicator light blinks more rapidly. - The indicator light does not illuminate at all. High Beam Indicator Light This indicator light illuminates: • When the headlights are on and in the high beam position • When the turn signal lever is pulled into the Flash-to-Pass position.


===== PAGE 180 =====

Light ON Indicator Light This indicator light illuminates: • When the tail lights or headlights are on. Front Fog Indicator Light This indicator light illuminates: • When the front fog lights are on. Rear Fog Indicator Light This indicator light illuminates: • When the rear fog lights are on. Glow Indicator Light (Diesel Engine) This indicator light illuminates: • When the engine is being preheated with the ignition switch or Engine Start/Stop Button in the ON position. - The engine can be started after the glow indicator light goes off. - The illumination time varies with the engine coolant temperature, air temperature, and battery condition. If the indicator light remains on or blinks after the engine has warmed up or while driving, there may a malfunction with the engine preheating system. In this case, we recommend that you have the vehicle inspected by an authorized HYUNDAI dealer.


===== PAGE 181 =====

Information If the engine does not start within 10 seconds after the preheating is completed, set the ignition switch or Engine Start/Stop Button to the LOCK or OFF position for 10 seconds and then to the ON position in order to preheat the engine again. 4 Wheel Drive (4WD) LOCK Indicator Light (if equipped) This indicator light illuminates: • Once you set the ignition switch or Engine Start/Stop Button to the ON position. - It illuminates for approximately 3 seconds and then goes off. • When you select 4WD Lock mode by pressing the 4WD LOCK button. - The 4WD LOCK mode is to increase the drive power when driving on wet pavement, snow covered roads and/or off-road. AUTO HOLD Indicator Light (if equipped) This indicator light illuminates: • [White] When you activate the auto hold system by pressing the AUTO HOLD button. • [Green] When you stop the vehicle completely by depressing the brake pedal with the auto hold system activated. • [Yellow] When there is a malfunction with the auto hold system. In this case, we recommend that you have the vehicle inspected by an authorized HYUNDAI dealer. For more details, refer to “Auto Hold” in chapter 5. 4WD Lock Mode Do not use 4WD LOCK mode on dry paved roads or highway, it can cause noise, vibration or damage of 4WD related parts. CAUTION


===== PAGE 182 =====

Downhill Brake Control (DBC) Indicator Light This warning light illuminates: • Once you set the ignition switch or Engine Start/Stop Button to the ON position. - It illuminates for approximately 3 seconds and then goes off. • When you activate the DBC system by pressing the DBC button. This warning light blinks: • When the DBC is operating. This warning light illuminates yellow: • When there is a malfunction with the DBC system. In this case, we recommend that you have the vehicle inspected by an authorized HYUNDAI dealer. For more details, refer to “Downhill Brake Control (DBC) System” in chapter 5.


===== PAGE 183 =====

Exterior lights Lighting control To operate the lights, turn the knob at the end of the control lever to one of the following positions: (1) OFF (O) position (2) AUTO light position (if equipped) (3) Position lamp position (4) Headlamp position AUTO light position (if equipped) When the light switch is in the AUTO position, the position lamp and headlamp will be turned ON or OFF automatically depending on the amount of light outside the vehicle. Even with the AUTO light feature in operation, it is recommended to manually turn ON the lamps when driving at night or in a fog, or when you enter dark areas, such as tunnels and parking facilities. • Do not cover or spill anything on the sensor (1) located on the instrument panel. • Do not clean the sensor using a window cleaner, the cleanser may leave a light film which could interfere with sensor operation. • If your vehicle has window tint or other types of metallic coating on the front windshield, the AUTO light system may not work properNOTICE


===== PAGE 184 =====

Position lamp position ( The position lamp, license plate lamp and instrument panel lamp are turned Headlamp position ( The headlamp, position lamp, license plate lamp and instrument panel lamp are turned ON. Information The ignition switch button must be in the ON position to turn on the headlamp. High beam operation To turn on the high beam headlamp, push the lever away from you. The lever will return to its original position. The high beam indicator will light when the headlamp high beams are switched on.


===== PAGE 185 =====

To turn off the high beam headlamp, pull the lever towards you. The low beams will turn on. To flash the high beam headlamp, pull the lever towards you, then release the lever. The high beams will remain ON as long as you hold the lever towards you. Turn signals and lane change signals To signal a turn, push down on the lever for a left turn or up for a right turn in position (A). To signal a lane change, move the turn signal lever slightly and hold it in position (B). The lever will return to the OFF position when released or when the turn is completed. If an indicator stays on and does not flash or if it flashes abnormally, one of the turn signal bulbs may be burned out and will require replacement. Do not use high beam when there are other vehicles approaching you. Using high beam could obstruct the other driver's vision. WARNING


===== PAGE 186 =====

One-touch turn signal function (if equipped) To activate an one-touch turn signal function, move the turn signal lever slightly and then release it. The lane change signals will blink 3, 5 or 7 times. You can activate/deactivate the One Touch Turn Signal function or choose the number of blinking (3, 5, or 7) from the User Settings Mode on the LCD display. For more details, refer to "LCD Display" in this chapter. Front fog lamp Fog lamps are used to provide improved visibility when visibility is poor due to fog, rain or snow, etc. Use the switch next to the headlamp switch to turn the fog lamps ON and OFF. 1. Turn on the position lamp. 2. Turn the light switch (1) to the front fog lamp position. 3. To turn off the front fog lamp, turn the light switch to the front fog lamp position again or turn off the position lamp. When in operation, the fog lamps consume large amounts of vehicle electrical power. Only use the fog lamps when visibility is poor. NOTICE


===== PAGE 187 =====

Rear fog lamp Vehicle with front fog lamp To turn on the rear fog lamp: Position the light switch in the position lamp position, turn the light switch to the front fog lamp position, and then turn the lamp switch (1) to the rear fog lamp position. To turn the rear fog lamps off, do one of the following: • Turn off the headlamp switch. • Turn the light switch to the rear fog lamp position again. • When the light switch is in the position lamp position, if you turn off the front fog lamp, the rear fog lamp will also turn off. Battery saver function The purpose of this feature is to prevent the battery from being discharged. The system automatically turns off the position lamp when the driver turns the engine off and opens the driver-side door. With this feature, the position lamps will turn off automatically if the driver parks on the side of road at night. If necessary, to keep the lamps on when the engine is turned off, perform the following: 1) Open the driver-side door. 2) Turn the position lamps OFF and ON again using the light switch on the steering column.


===== PAGE 188 =====

Headlamp delay function (if equipped) If you place the ignition switch in to the ACC or OFF position with the headlamps ON, the headlamps (and/or position lamps) remain on for about 5 minutes. However, with the engine off if the driver’s door is opened and closed, the headlamps (and/or position lamps) are turned off after 15 seconds. The headlamps (and/or position lamps) can be turned off by pressing the lock button on the smart key twice or turning the light switch to the OFF or AUTO position. However, if you turn the light switch to the AUTO position when it is dark outside, the headlamps will not be turned off. You can activate or deactivate the Headlamp Delay function from the User Settings Mode on the LCD display. For more details, refer to "LCD Display" in this chapter. If the driver gets out of the vehicle through other doors (except driver's door), the battery saver function does not operate and the headlamp delay function does not turn off automatically. Therefore, It causes the battery to be discharged. In this case, make sure to turn off the lamp before getting out of the vehicle. Daytime running light (DRL) The Daytime Running Lights (DRL) can make it easier for others to see the front of your vehicle during the day, especially after dawn and before sunset. The DRL system will turn the dedicated lamp OFF when: 1. The headlights or front fog lights are in the ON position. 2. The position lamp switch is in the ON position. 3. The engine is turned off. NOTICE


===== PAGE 189 =====

Headlight leveling device (if equipped) Manual type To adjust the headlight beam level according to the number of the passengers and loading weight in the luggage area, turn the beam leveling switch. The higher the number of the switch position, the lower the headlight beam level. Always keep the headlight beam at the proper leveling position, or headlights may dazzle other road users. Listed below are the examples of proper switch settings. For loading conditions other than those listed below, adjust the switch position so that the beam level may be the nearest as the condition obtained according to the list. Automatic type It automatically adjusts the headlight beam level according to the number of passengers and loading weight in the luggage area. And it offers proper headlight beam under various conditions. OTLE048277R Loading condition Switch position Driver only Driver + Front passenger Full passengers (including driver) Full passengers (including driver) + Maximum permissible loading Driver + Maximum permissible loading If it does not work properly even though your car is inclined backward according to passenger's posture, or the headlight beam is irradiated to the high or low position, we recommend that the system be inspected by an authorized HYUNDAI dealer. Do not attempt to inspect or replace the wiring yourself. WARNING


===== PAGE 190 =====

Low Beam Assist-Static light (if equipped) While driving a corner, for greater visibility and safety, either the left or right side Low Beam Assist-Static light will turn on automatically. The Low Beam Assist-Static light will turn on when one of the following conditions occur. • Vehicle speed is less than 10 km/h (6 mph) and steering wheel angle is turned approximately 80 degrees with the low beam on. • Vehicle speed is between 10 km/h (6 mph) to 90 km/h (56 mph) and steering wheel angle is turned approximately 35 degrees with the low beam on. • When the vehicle is in reverse with one of the conditions above satisfied, the light opposite to the direction the steering wheel is turned will turn on. Welcome system (if equipped) Welcome light (if equipped) Puddle lamp (if equipped) When all the doors (and tailgate) are closed and locked, the puddle lamp will come on for about 15 seconds if any of the below is performed. • When the door unlock button is pressed on the remote key or smart key. • When the button of the outside door handle is pressed. • When the vehicle is approached with the smart key in possession. (if equipped) Also if “Convenience Welcome→ mirror/light” is selected in the User Settings mode on the LCD display and the outside rearview mirror folding switch is in the AUTO position, the outside rearview mirror will unfold automatically. (if equipped) Door handle lamp (if equipped) When all the doors (and tailgate) are closed and locked, the door handle lamp will come on for about 15 seconds if any of the below is performed. • When the door unlock button is pressed on the remote key or smart key. • When the button of the outside door handle is pressed. • When “Convenience Welcome→ mirror/light” is selected in the User Settings mode on the LCD display and you approach the vehicle with the smart key in possession. (if equipped) OTLE048076


===== PAGE 191 =====

Headlamp and Position lamp When the headlamp (lamp switch in the headlamp or AUTO position) is on and all doors (and tailgate) are locked and closed, the position lamp and headlamp will come on for 15 seconds if/or any of the below is performed. • When the door unlock button is pressed on the remote key or smart key. At this time, if you press the door lock or unlock button, the position lamp and headlamp will turn off immediately. You can activate or deactivate the Welcome Light from the User Settings Mode on the LCD display. For more details, refer to "LCD Display" in this chapter. Interior lamp When the interior lamp switch is in the DOOR position and all doors (and tailgate) are closed and locked, the room lamp will come on for 30 seconds if any of the below is performed. • When the door unlock button is pressed on the remote key or smart key. • When the button of the outside door handle is pressed. At this time, if you press the door lock or unlock button, the room lamp will turn off immediately. Interior lights Do not use the interior lights for extended periods when the engine is turned off or the battery will discharge. NOTICE Do not use the interior lights when driving in the dark. The interior lights may obscure your view and cause an accident. WARNING


===== PAGE 192 =====

Front door lamp ( The room lamp for the front/rear seats is automatically turned ON for approximately 30 seconds, when a door is opened. The room lamp for the front/rear seats is automatically turned ON for approximately 15 seconds, when the remote key (smart key) unlocks the doors. The room lamp fades out, when the ignition switch is pressed to the ON position in 15 seconds. The room lamp remains ON up to 20 minutes, when a door is opened with the ignition switch in the either the ACC or OFF position. Rear lamps Rear Room Lamp Switch ( Press this button to turn the room lamp on and off. Do not leave the lamp switches on for an extended period of time when the engine is turned off. NOTICE  Type A■  Type B■


===== PAGE 193 =====

Tailgate room lamp The tailgate room lamp comes on when the tailgate is opened. The tailgate lamp comes on as long as the tailgate lid is open. To prevent unnecessary charging system drain, close the tailgate lid securely after using the tailgate. Glove box lamp The glove box lamp comes on when the glove box is opened. If the glove box is not closed, the lamp will turn off after 20 minutes. To prevent unnecessary charging system drain, close the glove box securely after using the glove box. Vanity mirror lamp Push the switch to turn the light on or off. : The lamp will turn on if this button is pressed. : The lamp will turn off if this button is pressed. Always have the switch in the off position when the vanity mirror lamp is not in use. If the sunvisor is closed without the lamp off, it may discharge the battery or damage the sunvisor. NOTICE NOTICE NOTICE OTLE048083 OTLE048084R


===== PAGE 194 =====

Puddle lamp (if equipped) Welcome light When all doors (and tailgate) are closed and locked, the puddle lamp will come on for 15 seconds if the door is unlocked by the smart key or outside door handle button. For more details, refer to "Welcome System" in this chapter. Escort light When the ignition switch is in the OFF position and the driver's door is opened, the puddle lamp will come on for 30 seconds. If the driver's door is closed within the 30 seconds, the puddle lamp will turn off after 15 seconds. If the driver's door is closed and locked, the puddle lamp will turn off immediately. The Puddle Lamp Escort Light will turn on only the first time the driver's door is opened after the engine is turned off. OLF044259


===== PAGE 195 =====

A : Wiper speed control (front) · MIST – Single wipe · O / OFF – Off · --- / INT – Intermittent wipe AUTO* – Auto control wipe · 1 / LO– Low wiper speed · 2 / HI – High wiper speed B : Intermittent control wipe time adjustment C : Wash with brief wipes (front)* D : Rear wiper/washer control* · HI / 2 – High wiper speed · LO / 1 – Low wiper speed · OFF / O – Off E : Wash with brief wipes (rear) * : if equipped Windshield wipers Operates as follows when the ignition switch is turned ON. MIST : For a single wiping cycle, move the lever to this (/MIST) position and release it. The wipers will operate continuously if the lever is held in this position. O/OFF : Wiper is not in operation ---/INT : Wiper operates intermittently at the same wiping intervals. Use this mode in light rain or mist. To vary the speed setting, turn the speed control knob. 1/LO : Normal wiper speed 2I : Fast wiper speed  OTLE045511R


===== PAGE 196 =====

Windshield washers In the OFF (O) position, pull the lever gently toward you to spray washer fluid on the windshield and to run the wipers  cycles. The spray and wiper operation will continue until you release the lever. If the washer does not work, you may need to add washer fluid to the washer fluid reservoir. If equipped with the Headlamp Washer, washer fluid will be sprayed on the headlamp at the same time you operate the windshield washer when: 1. The ignition switch is in the ON position. 2. The light switch is in the headlamp position.  • To prevent possible damage to the washer pump, do not operate the washer when the fluid reservoir is empty. • To prevent possible damage to the wipers or windshield, do not operate the wipers when the windshield is dry. • To prevent damage to the wiper arms and other components, do not attempt to move the wipers manually. CAUTION


===== PAGE 197 =====

Rear window wiper and washer switch (if equipped) The rear window wiper and washer switch is located at the end of the wiper and washer switch lever. Turn the switch to the desired position to operate the rear wiper and washer. HI / 2 – High wiper speed LO / 1– Low wiper speed OFF / O – Off Push the lever away from you to spray rear washer fluid and to run the rear wipers 1~3 cycles. The spray and wiper operation will continue until you release the lever. (if equipped) Auto rear wiper (if equipped) The rear wiper will operate while the vehicle is in reverse with the front wipers ON by selecting the function on the LCD display. Go to ‘User Settings Convenience→ Auto Rear Wiper (reverse)’.→


===== PAGE 198 =====

Rear View Monitor will activate when the engine is running and the shift lever is in the R (Reverse) position. This is a supplemental system that shows behind the vehicle through the mirror or A/V display while backing-up. Information Always keep the camera lens clean. The camera may not work normally if the lens is covered with foreign material. Rear View Monitor is not a safety device. It only serves to assist the driver in identifying objects directly behind the middle of the vehicle. The camera does NOT cover the complete area behind the vehicle. WARNING OTLE048333R OTLE048052 • Never rely solely on the rear camera display when backing- • ALWAYS look around your vehicle to make sure there are no objects or obstacles before moving the vehicle in any direction to prevent a collision. • Always pay close attention when the vehicle is driven close to objects, particularly pedestrians, and especially children. WARNING


===== PAGE 199 =====

Reverse parking distance warning (PDW) (if equipped) [B] : Sensor Reverse Parking Distance Warning system assists the driver during reverse movement of the vehicle by chiming if any object is sensed within the distance of 120 cm (50 inches) behind the vehicle. This system is a supplemental system that senses objects within the range and location of the sensors, it cannot detect objects in other areas where sensors are not installed. Operation of Reverse Parking Distance Warning system Operating condition • This system will activate when backing up with the ignition switch in the ON position. However, if vehicle speed exceeds 5 km/h (3 mph), the system may not detect objects. • If vehicle speed exceeds 10 km/h (6 mph), the system will not warn you even though objects are detected. • When more than two objects are sensed at the same time, the closest one will be recognized first. OTLE048601 • ALWAYS look around your vehicle to make sure there are not any objects or obstacles before moving the vehicle in any direction to prevent a collision. • Always pay close attention when the vehicle is driven close to objects, particularly pedestrians, and especially children. • Be aware that some objects may not be visible on the screen or be detected by the sensors, due to the objects distance, size or material, all of which can limit the effectiveness of the sensor. WARNING


===== PAGE 200 =====

Types of warning sound and indicator Non-operational conditions of Reverse Parking Distance Warning system Reverse Parking Distance Warning system may not operate normally when: • Moisture is frozen to the sensor. • Sensor is covered with foreign matter, such as snow or water, or the sensor cover is blocked. Types of warning sound Indicator When an object is 60 cm to 120 cm (24 in to 47 in) from the rear bumper : Buzzer beeps intermittently. When an object is 30 cm to 60 cm (12 in to 24 in) from the rear bumper : Buzzer beeps more frequently. When an object is within 30 cm (12 in.) of the rear bumper : Buzzer beeps continuously. • The indicator may differ from the illustration depending on objects or sensors status. If the indicator blinks, we recommend that you have your vehicle checked by an authorized HYUNDAI dealer. • If the audible warning does not sound or if the buzzer sounds intermittently when shifting into R (Reverse) position, this may indicate a malfunction with Reverse Parking Distance Warning system. If this occurs, we recommend that you have your vehicle checked by an authorized HYUNDAI dealer as soon as possible. NOTICE


===== PAGE 201 =====

There is a possibility of Reverse Parking Distance Warning system malfunction when: • Driving on uneven road surfaces such as unpaved roads, gravel, bumps, or gradient. • Objects generating excessive noise such as vehicle horns, loud motorcycle engines, or truck air brakes can interfere with the sensor. • Heavy rain or water spray is present. • Wireless transmitters or mobile phones are present near the sensor. • The sensor is covered with snow. • Any non-factory equipment or accessories have been installed, or if the vehicle bumper height or sensor installation has been modified. Detecting range may decrease when: • Outside air temperature is extremely hot or cold. • Undetectable objects smaller than 1 m (40 inches) and narrower than 14 cm (6 inches) in diameter. The following objects may not be recognized by the sensor: • Sharp or slim objects such as ropes, chains or small poles. • Objects, which tend to absorb sensor frequency such as clothes, spongy material or snow. Reverse Parking Distance Warning system precautions • Reverse Parking Distance Warning system may not sound consistently depending on the speed and shapes of the objects detected. • Reverse Parking Distance Warning system may malfunction if the vehicle bumper height or sensor installation has been modified or damaged. Any non-factory installed equipment or accessories may also interfere with the sensor performance. • The sensor may not recognize objects less than 30 cm (11 in.) from the sensor, or it may sense an incorrect distance. Use caution. • When the sensor is frozen or stained with snow, dirt, or water, the sensor may be inoperative until the stains are removed using a soft cloth. • Do not push, scratch or strike the sensor with any hard objects that could damage the surface of the sensor. Sensor damage could occur. • Do not spray the sensors or its surrounding area directly with a high pressure washer. Shock applied from high pressure water may cause the device to not operate normally. Your new vehicle warranty does not cover any accidents or damage to the vehicle or injuries to its occupants related to Reverse Parking Distance Warning system. Always drive safely and cautiously. WARNING


===== PAGE 202 =====

Forward/reverse parking distance warning (PDW) (if equipped) [A] : Front sensor, [B] : Rear sensor Forward/Reverse Parking Distance Warning system assists the driver during movement of the vehicle by chiming if any object is sensed within the distance of 100 cm (39 inches) in front and 120 cm (47 inches) behind the vehicle. This system is a supplemental system that senses objects within the range and location of the sensors, it cannot detect objects in other areas where sensors are not installed. OTLE048602 Front sensor■ OTLE048601 Rear sensor■ • ALWAYS look around your vehicle to make sure there are no objects or obstacles before moving the vehicle in any direction to prevent a collision. • Always pay close attention when the vehicle is driven close to objects, particularly pedestrians, and especially children. • Be aware that some objects may not be visible on the screen or be detected by the sensors, due to the objects distance, size or material, all of which can limit the effectiveness of the sensor. WARNING


===== PAGE 203 =====

Operation of Forward/Reverse Parking Distance Warning system Operating condition • This system will activate when the Parking Safety system button is pressed with the engine running. • The Parking Safety system button turns on automatically and activates Forward/Reverse Parking Distance Warning system when you move the shift lever to the R (Reverse) position. However, if vehicle speed exceeds 10 km/h (6 mph), the system will not warn you even though objects are detected, and if vehicle speed exceeds 20 km/h (12 mph), the system will turn off automatically. To turn on the system, press the Parking Safety system button. • When more than two objects are sensed at the same time, the closest one will be recognized first.  Type A■ OTLE045049R Type B■


===== PAGE 204 =====

Non-operational conditions of Forward/Reverse Parking Distance Warning system Forward/Reverse Parking Distance Warning system may not operate normally when: • Moisture is frozen to the sensor. • Sensor is covered with foreign matter, such as snow or water, or the sensor cover is blocked. • The indicator may differ from the illustration depending on objects or sensors status. If the indicator blinks, we recommend that the system be checked by an authorized HYUNDAI dealer. • If the audible warning does not sound or if the buzzer sounds intermittently when shifting into R (Reverse) position, this may indicate a malfunction with Forward/Reverse Parking Distance Warning system. If this occurs, we recommend that you have your vehicle checked by an authorized HYUNDAI dealer as soon as possible. NOTICE Distance from object Warning indicator Warning sound When driving forward When driving reverse Front Buzzer beeps intermittently Rear Buzzer beeps intermittently Front Buzzer beeps frequently Rear Buzzer beeps frequently Front Buzzer sounds continuously Rear Buzzer sounds continuously Types of warning sound and indicator cm (in)


===== PAGE 205 =====

There is a possibility of Forward/Reverse Parking Distance Warning system malfunction when: • Driving on uneven road surfaces such as unpaved roads, gravel, bumps, or gradient. • Objects generating excessive noise such as vehicle horns, loud motorcycle engines, or truck air brakes can interfere with the sensor. • Heavy rain or water spray is present. • Wireless transmitters or mobile phones are present near the sensor. • The sensor is covered with snow. • Any non-factory equipment or accessories have been installed, or if the vehicle bumper height or sensor installation has been modified. Detecting range may decrease when: • Outside air temperature extremely hot or cold. The following objects may not be recognized by the sensor: • Sharp or slim objects such as ropes, chains or small poles. • Objects, which tend to absorb sensor frequency such as clothes, spongy material or snow. • Undetectable objects smaller than 1 m and narrower than 14 cm in diameter. Your new vehicle warranty does not cover any accidents or damage to the vehicle or injuries to its occupants related Forward/Reverse Parking Distance Warning system. Always drive safely and cautiousWARNING


===== PAGE 206 =====

Forward/Reverse Parking Distance Warning system precautions • Forward/Reverse Parking Distance Warning system may not sound consistently depending on the speed and shapes of the objects detected. • Forward/Reverse Parking Distance Warning system may malfunction if the vehicle bumper height or sensor installation has been modified or damaged. Any non-factory installed equipment or accessories may also interfere with the sensor performance. • The sensor may not recognize objects less than 30 cm (11 in.) from the sensor, or it may sense an incorrect distance. Use caution. • When the sensor is frozen or stained with snow, dirt, or water, the sensor may be inoperative until the stains are removed using a soft cloth. • Do not push, scratch or strike the sensor. Sensor damage could occur. • Do not spray the sensors or its surrounding area directly with a high pressure washer. Shock applied from high pressure water may cause the device to not operate normally.


===== PAGE 207 =====

To prevent damage to the conductors bonded to the inside surface of the rear window, never use sharp instruments or window cleaners containing abrasives to clean the window. Information If you want to defrost and defog the front windshield, refer to “Windshield Defrosting and Defogging” in this chapter. Rear window defroster The defroster heats the window to remove frost, fog and thin ice from the interior and exterior of the rear window, while engine is running. • To activate the rear window defroster, press the rear window defroster button located in the center facia switch panel. The indicator on the rear window defroster button illuminates when the defroster is ON. • To turn off the defroster, press the rear window defroster button again. Information • If there is heavy accumulation of snow on the rear window, brush it off before operating the rear defroster. • The rear window defroster automatically turns off after approximately 20 minutes or when the Engine Start/Stop button is in the OFF position. Outside mirror defroster (if equipped) If your vehicle is equipped with the outside mirror defrosters, they will operate at the same time you turn on the rear window defroster. Front wiper deicer (if equipped) If your vehicle is equipped with the wiper deicer, it will operate at the same time you turn on the rear window defroster. NOTICE  Automatic climate control system■ • Type B • Type A


===== PAGE 208 =====

1. Passenger’s temperature control knob 2. Driver’s temperature control knob 3. SYNC button 4. AUTO (automatic control) button 5. OFF button 6. Fan speed control button 7. Mode selection button 8. Air conditioning button 9. Front windscreen defrost button 10. Rear window defrost button 11. Air intake control button 12. Climate control information screen


===== PAGE 209 =====

Automatic heating and air conditioning 1. Press the AUTO button. The modes, fan speeds, air intake and air-conditioning will be controlled automatically according to the temperature setting. 2. Turn the temperature control knob to set the desired temperature. Information • To turn the automatic operation off, select any button of the following: - Mode selection button - Front windshield defrost button (Press the button one more time to deselect the front windshield defroster function. The 'AUTO' sign will illuminate on the information display once again.) - Fan speed control button The selected function will be controlled manually while other functions operate automatically. • For your convenience, use the AUTO button and set the temperature to 23°C (73°F).


===== PAGE 210 =====

Information Never place anything near the sensor to ensure better control of the heating and cooling system. Manual heating and air conditioning The heating and cooling system can be controlled manually by pushing buttons other than the AUTO button. In this case, the system works sequentially according to the order of buttons selected. When pressing any button except the AUTO button while using automatic operation, the functions not selected will be controlled automatically. 1.Start the engine. 2.Set the mode to the desired position. For improving the effectiveness of heating and cooling; - Heating: - Cooling: 3.Set the temperature control to the desired position. 4.Set the air intake control to the outside (fresh) air position. 5.Set the fan speed control to the desired speed. 6.If air conditioning is desired, turn the air conditioning system on. Press the AUTO button in order to convert to full automatic control of the system. OTLE048246


===== PAGE 211 =====

Mode selection The mode selection button controls the direction of the air flow through the ventilation system. (if equipped) (if equipped) OTLE048173R


===== PAGE 212 =====

Face-Level (B, D, F) Air flow is directed toward the upper body and face. Additionally, each outlet can be controlled to direct the air discharged from the outlet. Bi-Level (B, C, D, E, F) Air flow is directed towards the face and the floor. Floor-Level (A, C, D, E, F) Most of the air flow is directed to the floor, with a small amount of the air being directed to the windshield and side window defrosters. Floor/Defrost-Level (A, C, D, E, F) Most of the air flow is directed to the floor and the windshield with a small amount directed to the side window defrosters. Defrost-Level (A, D) Most of the air flow is directed to the windshield with a small amount of air directed to the side window defrosters. OTLE045218R


===== PAGE 213 =====

Instrument panel vents The instrument panel vent air flow can be directed up/down or left/right using the vent adjustment lever. Front : The outlet vents can be opened or closed separately using the vent control lever. To close the vent completely, move the vent control lever all the way to the left. You will hear a click. Rear : The outlet vents can be opened ( or closed ( ) separately using the thumbwheel. Temperature control Turn the temperature control knob to set the desired temperature. OTLE048086R OTLE048087 Front■ Rear (if equipped)■


===== PAGE 214 =====

Adjusting the driver and passenger side temperature equally • Press the “SYNC” button to adjust the driver and passenger side temperature equally. The passenger side temperature will be set to the same temperature as the driver side temperature. • Turn the driver side temperature control knob. The driver and passenger side temperature will be adjusted equally. Adjusting the driver and passenger side temperature individually • Press the “SYNC” button again to adjust the driver and passenger side temperature individually. The illumination of button turns off. • Operate the driver side temperature control knob to adjust the driver side temperature. • Operate the passenger side temperature control knob to adjust the passenger side temperature. Temperature conversion If the battery has been discharged or disconnected, the temperature mode display will reset to Centigrade. This is a normal condition. You can switch the temperature mode between Centigrade to Fahrenheit as follows; - Automatic climate control system While pressing the OFF button, press the AUTO button for 3 seconds or more. The display will change from Centigrade Fahrenheit, or from Fahrenheit to Centigrade. - “User setting mode” in the cluster : You can change the temperature unit in the “Other features → Temperature unit”


===== PAGE 215 =====

Air intake control This is used to select the outside (fresh) air position or recirculated air position. To change the air intake control position, push the control button. Recirculated air position With the recirculated air position selected, air from the passenger compartment will be drawn through the heating system and heated or cooled according to the function selected. Outside (fresh) air position With the outside (fresh) air position selected, air enters the vehicle from outside and is heated or cooled according to the function selected. Information Prolonged operation of the heater in the recirculated air position (without air conditioning selected) may cause fogging of the windshield and side windows and the air within the passenger compartment may become stale. In addition, prolonged use of the air conditioning with the recirculated air position selected will result in excessively dry air in the passenger compartment. • Continued climate control system operation in the recirculated air position may allow humidity to increase inside the vehicle which may fog the glass and obscure visibility. • Do not sleep in a vehicle with the air conditioning or heating system on. It may cause serious harm or death due to a drop in the oxygen level and/or body temperature. • Continued climate control system operation in the recirculated air position can cause drowsiness or sleepiness, and loss of vehicle control. Set the air intake control to the outside (fresh) air position as much as possible while driving. WARNING Type A■ Type B■


===== PAGE 216 =====

Fan speed control The fan speed can be set to the desired speed by pushing the fan speed control button. The higher the fan speed is, the more air is delivered. Pressing the OFF button turns off the fan. Operating fan speed when the ignition switch is in the ON position could cause the battery to discharge. Operate fan speed when the engine is running. Air conditioning Push the A/C button to turn the air conditioning system on (indicator light will illuminate). Push the button again to turn the air conditioning system off. NOTICE OTLE045286R OTLE045283R


===== PAGE 217 =====

OFF mode Push the OFF button of the front to turn off the air climate control system. However, you can still operate the mode and air intake buttons as long as the ignition switch is in the ON position. System operation Ventilation 1. Set the mode to the position. 2. Set the air intake control to the outside (fresh) air position. 3. Set the temperature control to the desired position. 4. Set the fan speed control to the desired speed. Heating 1. Set the mode to the position. 2. Set the air intake control to the outside (fresh) air position. 3. Set the temperature control to the desired position. 4. Set the fan speed control to the desired speed. 5. If dehumidified heating is desired, turn the air conditioning system on. • If the windshield fogs up, set the mode to the position. Operation Tips • To keep dust or unpleasant fumes from entering the vehicle through the ventilation system, temporarily set the air intake control to the recirculated air position. Be sure to return the control to the fresh air position when the irritation has passed to keep fresh air in the vehicle. This will help keep the driver alert and comfortable. • Air for the heating/cooling system is drawn in through the grilles just ahead of the windshield. Care should be taken that these are not blocked by leaves, snow, ice or other obstructions. • To prevent interior fog on the windshield, set the air intake control to the fresh air position and fan speed to the desired position, turn on the air conditioning system, and adjust the temperature control to desired temperature. OTLE045285R


===== PAGE 218 =====

Air conditioning HYUNDAI Air Conditioning Systems are filled with R-134a or R-1234yf refrigerant. 1. Start the engine. Push the air conditioning button. 2. Set the mode to the position. 3. Set the air intake control to the outside air or recirculated air position. 4. Adjust the fan speed control and temperature control to maintain maximum comfort. Information Your vehicle is filled with R-134a or R-1234yf according to the regulation in your country at the time of production. You can find out which air conditioning refrigerant is applied to your vehicle on the label located inside of the hood. • The refrigerant system should only be serviced by trained and certified technicians to insure proper and safe operation. • The refrigerant system should be serviced in a well-ventilated place. • The air conditioning evaporator (cooling coil) shall never be repaired or replaced with one removed from a used or salvaged vehicle and new replacement MAC evaporators shall be certified (and labeled) as meeting SAE Standard Information • When using the air conditioning system, monitor the temperature gauge closely while driving up hills or in heavy traffic when outside temperatures are high. Air conditioning system operation may cause engine overheating. Continue to use the blower fan but turn the air conditioning system off if the temperature gauge indicates engine overheating. • When opening the windows in humid weather air conditioning may create water droplets inside the vehicle. Since excessive water droplets may cause damage to electrical equipment, air conditioning should only be used with the windows closed. Air conditioning system operation tips • If the vehicle has been parked in direct sunlight during hot weather, open the windows for a short time to let the hot air inside the vehicle escape. • Use air conditioning to reduce humidity and moisture inside the vehicle on rainy or humid days. • During air conditioning system operation, you may occasionally notice a slight change in engine speed as the air conditioning compressor cycles. This is a normal system operation characteristic. NOTICE


===== PAGE 219 =====

• Use the air conditioning system every month only for a few minutes to ensure maximum system performance. • When using the air conditioning system, you may notice clear water dripping (or even puddling) on the ground under the passenger side of the vehicle. This is a normal system operation characteristic. • Operating the air conditioning system in the recirculated air position provides maximum cooling, however, continual operation in this mode may cause the air inside the vehicle to become stale. • During cooling operation, you may occasionally notice a misty air flow because of rapid cooling and humid air intake. This is a normal system operation characteristic. System maintenance Climate control air filter The climate control air filter installed behind the glove box filters the dust or other pollutants that come into the vehicle from the outside through the heating and air conditioning system. If dust or other pollutants accumulate in the filter over a period of time, the air flow from the air vents may decrease, resulting in moisture accumulation on the inside of the windshield even when the outside (fresh) air position is selected. If this happens, we recommend that the climate control air filter be replaced by an authorized HYUNDAI dealer. Information • Replace the filter according to the Maintenance Schedule. If the car is being driven in severe conditions such as dusty, rough roads, more frequent climate control air filter inspections and changes are required. • When the air flow rate suddenly decreases, we recommend that the system be checked by an authorized HYUNDAI dealer. 1LDA5047 Outside air Recirculated air Climate control air filter Blower Evaporator core Heater core


===== PAGE 220 =====

Checking the amount of air conditioner refrigerant and compressor lubricant When the amount of refrigerant is low, the performance of the air conditioning is reduced. Overfilling also reduces the performance of the air conditioning system. Therefore, if abnormal operation is found, we recommend that the system be inspected by an authorized HYUNDAI dealer. It is important that the correct type and amount of oil and refrigerant is used. Otherwise, damage to the compressor and abnormal system operation may occur. To prevent damage, the air conditioning system in your vehicle should only be serviced by trained and certified technicians. NOTICE Vehicles equipped with R-1234yf Since the refrigerant is mildly flammable and operated at high pressure, the air conditioning system should only be serviced by trained and certified technicians. It is important that the correct type and amount of oil and refrigerant are used. All refrigerants should reclaimed with proper equipment. Venting refrigerants directly to the atmosphere is harmful to individuals and environment. Failure to heed these warnings can lead to serious injuries. WARNING Vehicles equipped with R-134a Since the refrigerant is operated at very high pressure, the air conditioning system should only be serviced by trained and certified technicians. All refrigerants should reclaimed with proper equipment. Venting refrigerants directly to the atmosphere is harmful to individuals and environment. Failure to heed these warnings can lead to serious injuries. WARNING


===== PAGE 221 =====

Air Conditioning refrigerant label You can find out which air conditioning refrigerant is applied to your vehicle on the label located on the underside of the hood. Each symbols and specification on the air conditioning refrigerant label is represented as below: 1. Classification of refrigerant 2. Amount of refrigerant 3. Classification of compressor lubricant 4. Caution 5. Flammable refrigerant 6. To require registered technician to service air conditioning system 7. Service manual OTLE088009 OHYK059004 OHYK059001 Example■ • Type B • Type A


===== PAGE 222 =====

• For maximum defrosting, set the temperature control to the extreme right/hot position and the fan speed control to the highest speed. • If warm air to the floor is desired while defrosting or defogging, set the mode to the floor-defrost position. • Before driving, clear all snow and ice from the windshield, rear window, outside rear view mirrors, and all side windows. • Clear all snow and ice from the hood and air inlet in the cowl grill to improve heater and defroster efficiency and to reduce the probability of fogging up inside of the windshield. Automatic climate control system To defog inside windshield 1. Select desired fan speed. 2. Select desired temperature. 3. Press the defroster button ( 4. The air-conditioning will turn on according to the detected ambient temperature, outside (fresh) air position and higher fan speed will be selected automatically. Windshield heating Do not use the position during cooling operation extremely humid weather. The difference between the temperature of the outside air and that of the windshield could cause the outer surface of the windshield to fog up, causing loss of visibility. In this case, set the mode selection knob or button to the position and fan speed control knob or button to lower speed. WARNING  Type A■ Type B■


===== PAGE 223 =====

If the air-conditioning, outside (fresh) air position and higher fan speed are not selected automatically, adjust the corresponding button or knob manually. If the position is selected, lower fan speed is controlled to higher fan speed. To defrost outside windshield 1. Set fan speed to the highest position. 2. Set temperature to the extreme hot (HI) position. 3. Press the defroster button ( 4. The air-conditioning will turn on according to the detected ambient temperature and outside (fresh) air position will be selected automatically. If the position is selected, lower fan speed is controlled to higher fan speed. Defogging logic (if equipped) To reduce the probability of fogging up the inside of the windshield, the air intake or air conditioning are controlled automatically according to certain conditions such as position. To cancel or return the defogging logic, do the following.  Type A■ Type B■


===== PAGE 224 =====

Automatic climate control system 1. Turn the ignition switch to the ON position. 2. Press the defroster button ( 3. While pressing the air conditioning button (A/C), press the air intake control button at least 5 times within 3 seconds. The climate control information screen will blink 3 times with 0.5 seconds of interval. It indicates that the defogging logic is canceled or returned to the programmed status. If the battery has been discharged or disconnected, it resets to the defog logic status. Auto defogging system (only for automatic climate control system, if equipped) Auto defogging reduces the possibility of fogging up the inside of the windshield by automatically sensing the moisture of inside the windshield. The auto defogging system operates when the heater or air conditioning is When the Auto Defogging System operates, the indicator will illuminate. If higher level of moisture are sensed in the vehicle, the Auto Defogging System will operate in the following order: Step 1 : Outside air position Step 2 : Operating the air conditioning Step 3 : Blowing air toward the windshield Step 4 : Increasing air flow toward the windshield If the air conditioning is off or recirculated air position is manually selected while Auto Defogging System is ON, the “ADS OFF” symbol will blink 3 times to signal that the manual operation has been canceled. OTLE048332


===== PAGE 225 =====

To cancel or reset the Auto Defogging System Press the front windshield defroster button for 3 seconds when the ignition switch is in the ON position. When the Auto Defogging System is canceled, ADS OFF symbol will blink 3 times and the ADS OFF will be displayed on the climate control information screen. When the Auto Defogging System is reset, ADS OFF symbol will blink 6 times without a signal. Information • When the air conditioning is turned on by Auto defogging system, if you try to turn off the air conditioning, the indicator will blink 3 times and the air conditioning will not be turned off. • For efficiency, do not select recirculated air position while Auto defogging system is operating. Do not remove the sensor cover located on the upper end of the driver side windshield glass. Damage to system parts could occur and may not be covered by your vehicle warranty. NOTICE


===== PAGE 226 =====

Sunroof inside air recirculation (if equipped) When the sunroof is opened, outside (fresh) air will be automatically selected. At this time, if you press the air intake control button, recirculated air position will be selected but will change back to outside (fresh) air after 3 minutes. When the sunroof is closed, the air intake position will return to the original position that was selected.


===== PAGE 227 =====

To avoid possible theft, do not leave valuables in the storage compartments. Center console storage To open : Pull the lever (1). NOTICE Never store cigarette lighters, propane cylinders, or other flammable/explosive materials in the vehicle. These items may catch fire and/or explode if the vehicle is exposed to hot temperatures for extended periods. WARNING ALWAYS keep the storage compartment covers closed securely while driving. Items inside your vehicle are moving as fast as the vehicle. If you have to stop or turn quickly, or if there is a crash, the items may fly out of the compartment and may cause an injury if they strike the driver or a passenger. WARNING  Type A■  Type B■


===== PAGE 228 =====

Glove box To open the glove box, pull the handle and the glove box will automatically open. Close the glove box after use. Cool box You can keep beverage cans or other items cool in the glove box. 1. Turn on the air conditioning. 2. Slide the open/close lever (1) of the vent installed in the glove box to the open position. 3. When the cool box is not used, slide the lever (1) to the closed position. If some items in the cool box block the vent, the cooling effectiveness of the cool box is reduced. Sunglass holder (if equipped) To open: Press the cover and the holder will slowly open. Place your sunglasses in the compartment door with the lenses facing out. To close: Push back into position. Make sure the sunglass holder is closed while driving. NOTICE ALWAYS close the glove box door after use. An open glove box door can cause serious injury to the passenger in an accident, even if the passenger is wearing a seat belt. WARNING OTLE048090R OTLE048259R


===== PAGE 229 =====

• Do not keep objects except sunglasses inside the sunglass holder. Such objects can be thrown from the holder in the event of a sudden stop or an accident, possibly injuring the passengers in the vehicle. • Do not open the sunglass holder while the vehicle is moving. The rear view mirror of the vehicle can be blocked by an open sunglass holder. • Do not put the glasses forcibly into a sunglass holder. It may cause personal injury if you try to open it forcibly when the glasses are jammed in holder. WARNING


===== PAGE 230 =====

• Keep your drinks sealed while driving to prevent spilling your drink. If liquid spills, it may get into the vehicle's electrical/electronic system and damage electrical/electronic parts. • When cleaning spilled liquids, do not dry the cup holder at high temperature. This may damage the cup holder. Sunvisor To use a sunvisor, pull it downward. To use a sunvisor for a side window, pull it downward, unsnap it from the bracket (1) and swing it to the side (2). To use the vanity mirror, pull down the sunvisor and slide the mirror cover (3). Adjust the sunvisor forward or backward (4) as needed. Use the ticket holder (5) to hold tickets. Information Close the vanity mirror cover securely and return the sunvisor to its original position after use. NOTICE OTM048089R • Avoid abrupt starting and braking when the cup holder is in use to prevent spilling your drink. If hot liquid spills, you could be burned. Such a burn to the driver could cause loss of vehicle control resulting in an accident. • Do not place uncovered or unsecured cups, bottles, cans, etc., in the cup holder containing hot liquid while the vehicle is in motion. Injuries may result in the event of sudden stop or collision. • Only use soft cups in the cup holders. Hard objects can injure you in an accident. WARNING Keep cans or bottles out of direct sun light and do not put them in a hot vehicle. It may explode. WARNING


===== PAGE 231 =====

• Do not put several tickets in the ticket holder at one time. This could cause damage to the ticket holder. • Avoid putting a plastic card such as a credit card in the ticket holder located in the outside of the sunvisor. This could cause damage to the plastic card. Power outlet (if equipped) The power outlet is designed to provide power for mobile telephones or other devices designed to operate with vehicle electrical systems. The devices should draw less than 120 W(Watt) with the engine running. NOTICE For your safety, do not block your view when using the sunvisor. WARNING  Front■ Rear■  Avoid electrical shocks. Do not place your fingers or foreign objects (pin, etc.) into a power outlet or touch the power outlet with a wet hand. WARNING


===== PAGE 232 =====

To prevent damage to the Power Outlets : • Use the power outlet only when the engine is running and remove the accessory plug after use. Using the accessory plug for prolonged periods of time with the engine off could cause the battery to discharge. • Only use 12V electric accessories which are less than 120W (Watt) in electric capacity. • Adjust the air-conditioner or heater to the lowest operating level when using the power outlet. • Close the cover when not in use. • Some electronic devices can cause electronic interference when plugged into a vehicle’s power outlet. These devices may cause excessive audio static and malfunctions in other electronic systems or devices used in your vehicle. • Push the plug in as far as it will go. If good contact is not made, the plug may overheat and the fuse may open. • Plug battery equipped electrical/electronic devices with reverse current protection. The current from the battery may flow into the vehicle's electrical/electronic system and cause system malfunction. Wireless cellular phone charging system (if equipped) [A] : Indicator, [B] : Charging pad There is a wireless cellular phone charger inside the front console. The system is available when all doors are closed, and when the ignition switch is in the ACC/ON position. NOTICE OTLE048619R


===== PAGE 233 =====

To charge a cellular phone The wireless cellular phone charging system charges only the Qi-enabled cellular phones ( Read the label on the cellular phone accessory cover or visit your cellular phone manufacturer’s website to check whether your cellular phone supports the Qi technology. The wireless charging process starts when you put a Qi-enabled cellular phone on the wireless charging unit. 1. Remove other items, including the smart key, from the wireless charging unit. If not, the wireless charging process may be interrupted. Place the cellular phone on the center of charging pad. 2. The indicator light is orange when the cellular phone is charging. The indicator light turns green when phone charging is complete. 3. You can turn ON or OFF the wireless charging function in the User Settings mode on the instrument cluster. For further information, refer to the “LCD Display Modes” in this chapter. If your cellular phone is not charging: - Slightly change the position of the cellular phone on the charging pad. - Make sure the indicator light is orange. The indicator light will blink orange for 10 seconds if there is a malfunction in the wireless charging system. In this case, temporarily stop the charging process, and re-attempt to wirelessly charge your cellular phone again. The system warns you with a message on the LCD display if the cellular phone is still on the wireless charging unit after the engine is turned OFF and the front door is opened. For certain cellular phone, the message may not be displayed. (This is due to the characteristic of the certain cellular phone and the wireless cellular phone charging system is normal.) Information For some manufacturers' cellular phones, the system may not warn you even though the cellular phone is left on the wireless charging unit. This is due to the particular characteristic of the cellular phone and not a malfunction of the wireless charging.


===== PAGE 234 =====

• The wireless cellular phone charging system may not support certain cellular phones, which are not verified for the Qi specification ( • Locate your cellular phone in the middle of the wireless cellular phone charging system. Even when your cellular phone locates slightly to one side, the charging speed may decrease and the phone may heat when charging. • The wireless charging process may temporarily stop, when a smart key function operates (i.e. starting the engine, opening the doors, closing the doors). • For certain cellular phone, the indicator color may not change to green, even when the wireless charging process is properly completed. • For certain cellular phones with their own protection, the wireless charging speed may decrease and the wireless charging may stop if the temperature inside the vehicle is too high or low. When the inside temperature is too high or low do not use the system and wait until the temperature maintains a proper level before using the system. • The wireless charging process may temporarily stop, when temperature abnormally increases or decreases inside the wireless cellular phone charging system. The wireless charging process restarts, when temperature falls to a certain level. • The wireless charging process may temporarily stop when there is any metallic item, such as a coin, between the wireless cellular phone charging system and a cellular phone. • For certain cellular phones with their own protection, the wireless charging speed may decrease and the wireless charging may stop. • If the cellular phone has a thick cover, the wireless charging may not be possible. • If the cellular phone is not fully in contact with the wireless charging pad, the wireless charging may not be possible. • Some magnetic items (credit cards, phone cards, passbook and tickets) may be damaged while using the wireless charging process. NOTICE


===== PAGE 235 =====

Floor mat anchor(s) (if equipped) ALWAYS use the Floor Mat Anchors to attach the front floor mats to the vehicle. The anchors on the front floor carpet keep the floor mats from sliding forward. Luggage net (holder) To keep items from shifting in the cargo area, you can use the four holders located in the cargo area to attach the luggage net. If necessary, we recommend that you contact your authorized HYUNDAI dealer to obtain a luggage net. Vehicles equipped with a luggage rail system may use the shackles to hook the luggage net. NOTICE  OTLA045321 The following must be observed when installing ANY floor mat to the vehicle. • Ensure that the floor mats are securely attached to the vehicle's floor mat anchor(s) before driving the vehicle. • Do not use ANY floor mat that cannot be firmly attached to the vehicle's floor mat anchors. • Do not stack floor mats on top of one another (e.g. all-weather rubber mat on top of a carpeted floor mat). Only a single floor mat should be installed in each position. IMPORTANT - Your vehicle was manufactured with driver's side floor mat anchors that are designed to securely hold the floor mat in place. To avoid any interference with pedal operation, HYUNDAI recommends that the HYUNDAI floor mat designed for use in your vehicle be installed. WARNING


===== PAGE 236 =====

Cargo security screen (if equipped) Use the cargo security screen to hide items stored in the cargo area. To use the cargo security screen 1. Pull the cargo security screen towards the rear of the vehicle by the handle (1). 2. Insert the guide pin into the guide Pull out the cargo security screen with the handle in the center to prevent the guide pin from falling out of the guide. NOTICE OTLA045322 OTLA045323 To avoid eye injury, DO NOT overstretch the luggage net. ALWAYS keep your face and body out of the luggage net’s recoil path. DO NOT use the luggage net when the strap has visible signs of wear or damage. WARNING To prevent damage to the goods or the vehicle, care should be taken when carrying fragile or bulky objects in the luggage compartment. CAUTION


===== PAGE 237 =====

When the cargo security screen is not in use: 1. Pull the cargo security screen backward and up to release it from the guides. 2. The cargo security screen will automatically slide back in. The cargo security screen may not automatically slide back in if the cargo security screen is not fully pulled out. Fully pull it out and then let go. To remove the cargo security screen 1. Push in the guide pin. 2. While pushing the guide pin, pull out the cargo security screen. 3. Open the luggage tray and keep the cargo security screen in the tray. NOTICE


===== PAGE 238 =====

Since the cargo security screen may be damaged or malformed, do not put luggage on it when it is used. Luggage tray You can place a first aid kit, a reflector triangle, tools, etc. in the box for easy access. • Grasp the handle on the top of the cover and lift it. NOTICE • Do not place objects on the cargo security screen. Such objects may be thrown about inside the vehicle and possibly injure vehicle occupants during an accident or when braking. • Never allow anyone to ride in the luggage compartment. It is designed for luggage only. • Maintain the balance of the vehicle and locate the weight as forward as possible. WARNING OTLE048274 Type A■ Type B■


===== PAGE 239 =====

Roof rack If the vehicle has a roof rack, you can load cargo on top of your vehicle. If the vehicle is equipped with a sunroof or a panorama roof, be sure not to position cargo onto the roof rack in such a way that it could interfere with sunroof or a panorama roof operation. • When carrying cargo on the roof rack, take the necessary precautions to make sure the cargo does not damage the roof of the vehicle. • When carrying large objects on the roof rack, make sure they do not exceed the overall roof length or width. NOTICE NOTICE  • The following specification is the maximum weight that can be loaded onto the roof rack. Distribute the load as evenly as possible onto the roof rack and secure the load firmly. Loading cargo or luggage in excess of the specified weight limit on the roof rack may damage your vehicle. WARNING ROOF 100 kg (220 lbs.) RACK EVENLY DISTRIBUTED • The vehicle center of gravity will be higher when items are loaded onto the roof rack. Avoid sudden starts, braking, sharp turns, abrupt maneuvers or high speeds that may result in loss of vehicle control or rollover resulting in an accident. • Always drive slowly and turn corners carefully when carrying items on the roof rack. Severe wind updrafts, caused by passing vehicles or natural causes, can cause sudden upward pressure on items loaded on the roof rack. This is especially true when carrying large, flat items such as wood panels or mattresses. This could cause the items to fall off the roof rack and cause damage to your vehicle or others around you. • To prevent damage or loss of cargo while driving, check frequently before or while driving to make sure the items on the roof rack are securely fastened.


===== PAGE 240 =====




===== PAGE 241 =====

Information • If you install an aftermarket HID headlamp, your vehicle’s audio and electronic device may malfunction. • Prevent chemicals such as perfume, cosmetic oil, sun cream, hand cleaner, and air freshener from contacting the interior parts because they may cause damage or discoloration. USB You can use a USB port to plug in a USB. Information When using a portable audio device connected to the power outlet, noise may occur during playback. If this happens, use the power source of the portable audio device.


===== PAGE 242 =====

Antenna Shark fin antenna The shark fin antenna receives transmitted data. (for example: GPS) • Securely install the antenna in the upright position. This is to guarantee proper signal reception. However, you may fold and remove the antenna, before parking the vehicle or loading the luggage on the roof rack. • Do not load the luggage near the antenna. This is to guarantee proper signal reception. Steering wheel audio control (if equipped) The audio control buttons on the steering wheel are provided for your convenient audio control, while safely driving. Do not operate audio remote control buttons simultaneously. NOTICE NOTICE OTLE048237


===== PAGE 243 =====

VOLUME (VOL + / - ) (1) • Move the VOLUME lever up to increase volume. • Move the VOLUME lever down to decrease volume. SEEK/PRESET ( If the SEEK/PRESET lever is moved up or down and held for 0.8 second or more, it will function in the following modes. RADIO mode It will function as the AUTO SEEK select button. It will SEEK until you release the button. MEDIA mode It will function as the FF/REW button. If the SEEK/PRESET lever is moved up or down, it will function in the following modes. RADIO mode It will function as the PRESET STATION UP/DOWN button. MEDIA mode It will function as the TRACK UP/ DOWN button. MODE ( Press the MODE button to select Radio. MUTE ( ) (4, if equipped) • Press the button to mute the sound. • Press the button again to activate the sound. Information Detailed information for audio control buttons are described in the following pages in this chapter.


===== PAGE 244 =====

Audio / Video / Navigation system (AVN) (if equipped) Detailed information for the AVN system is described in a separately supplied manual. Wireless TechnologyBluetooth® hands-free You can use the phone wirelessly by using the Bluetooth® Wireless Technology. (1) Call / Answer button (2) Call end button (3) Microphone • Audio : For detailed information, refer to “AUDIO” in this chapter. • AVN : Detailed information for the BluetoothWireless Technology® hands-free is described in the manual supplied separately.    ■Type A ■Type B


===== PAGE 245 =====

How Vehicle Audio Works AM and FM radio signals are broadcast from transmitter towers located around your city. They are intercepted by the radio antenna on your vehicle. This signal is then processed by the radio and sent to your vehicle speakers. When a strong radio signal has reached your vehicle, the precise engineering of your audio system ensures the best possible quality reproduction. However, in some cases the signal coming to your vehicle may not be strong and clear. This can be due to factors, such as the distance from the radio station, closeness of other strong radio stations or the presence of buildings, bridges or other large obstructions in the area. AM broadcasts can be received at greater distances than FM broadcasts. This is because AM radio waves are transmitted at low frequencies. These long distance, low frequency radio waves can follow the curvature of the earth rather than travelling straight. In addition, they curve around obstructions resulting in better signal coverage. JBM002 AM reception JBM001 FM reception


===== PAGE 246 =====

FM broadcasts are transmitted at high frequencies and do not bend to follow the earth's surface. Because of this, FM broadcasts generally begin to fade within short distances from the station. Also, FM signals are easily affected by buildings, mountains, and obstructions. This can lead to undesirable or unpleasant listening conditions which might lead you to believe a problem exists with your radio. The following conditions are normal and do not indicate radio trouble : • Fading - As your vehicle moves away from the radio station, the signal will weaken and sound will begin to fade. When this occurs, we suggest that you select another stronger station. • Flutter/Static - Weak FM signals or large obstructions between the transmitter and your radio can disturb the signal causing static or fluttering noises to occur. Reducing the treble level may lessen this effect until the disturbance clears. • Station Swapping - As an FM signal weakens, another more powerful signal near the same frequency may begin to play. This is because your radio is designed to lock onto the clearest signal. If this occurs, select another station with a stronger signal. • Multi-Path Cancellation - Radio signals being received from several directions can cause distortion or fluttering. This can be caused by a direct and reflected signal from the same station, or by signals from two stations with close frequencies. If this occurs, select another station until the condition has passed. JBM003 FM radio station JBM004 JBM005


===== PAGE 247 =====

Using a cellular phone or a twoway radio When a cellular phone is used inside the vehicle, noise may be produced from the audio system. This does not mean that something is wrong with the audio equipment. In such a case, try to operate mobile devices as far from the audio equipment as possible. When using a communication system such as a cellular phone or a radio set inside the vehicle, a separate external antenna must be fitted. When a cellular phone or a radio set is used with an internal antenna alone, it may interfere with the vehicle's electrical system and adversely affect safe operation of the vehicle. Operating the device while driving could lead to accidents due to a lack of attention to external surroundings. First park the vehicle before operating the device. • Adjust the volume to levels that allow the driver to hear sounds from outside of the vehicle. Driving in a state where external sounds cannot be heard may lead to accidents. • Pay attention to the volume setting when turning the device on. A sudden output of extreme volume upon turning the device on could lead to hearing impairment. (Adjust the volume to a suitable levels before turning off the device.) • Do not place beverages close to the audio system. Spilling beverages may lead to system malfunction. NOTICE NOTICE Do not use a cellular phone while driving. Stop at a safe location to use a cellular phone. WARNING • Do not stare at the screen while driving. Staring at the screen for prolonged periods of time could lead to traffic accidents. • Do not disassemble, assemble, or modify the audio system. Such acts could result in accidents, fire, or electric shock. • Using the phone while driving may lead to a lack of attention of traffic conditions and increase the likelihood of accidents. Use the phone feature after parking the vehicle. • Heed caution not to spill water or introduce foreign objects into the device. Such acts could lead to smoke, fire, or product malfunction. WARNING


===== PAGE 248 =====

• In case of product malfunction, please contact your place of purchase or After Service center. • Placing the audio system within an electromagnetic environment may result in noise interference. • Prevent caustic solutions such as perfume and cosmetic oil from contacting the dashboard because they may cause damage or discoloration.


===== PAGE 249 =====

• Compatibility by Disc Type 1.Playing MIXED CDs : First plays the audio CD, then plays the compressed file(s). 2.Playing EXTRA CDs : First plays the audio CD, then plays the compressed file(s). 3.Playing multisession CDs : Plays in order of sessions - MIXED CD : CD type in which both MP3 and audio CD files are recognized in one disc. - Multisession CD CD type that includes more than two sessions. Different from Extra CDs, multisession CDs are recorded by sessions and have no media limitation. • Precautions upon Writing CDs 1.In all cases except when creating multisession discs, check the close session option before creating the disc. Though product malfunctions will not occur, some time may be required for the device to check whether the session state is closed (approximately seconds). (Additional time may also be required depending on the number of folders or files.) 2.Changing the MP3/WMA file extensions or changing files of other extensions to MP3/WMA may result in product malfunction. 3.When naming files with MP3/WMA file extensions, write using only Korean and English. (Languages other than Korean and English are not supported and are displayed as blank.) 4.Unauthorized use or duplication of music files are prohibited by law. 5.Prolonged use of CD-R/CD-RW discs that do not satisfy related standards and/or specifications could result in product malfunction. 6.Unauthorized use or duplication of MP3/WMA files is prohibited by law.


===== PAGE 250 =====

Using a cellular phone or a twoway radio When a cellular phone is used inside the vehicle, noise may be produced from the audio system. This does not mean that something is wrong with the audio equipment. In such a case, try to operate mobile devices as far from the audio equipment as possible. When using a communication system such as a cellular phone or a radio set inside the vehicle, a separate external antenna must be fitted. When a cellular phone or a radio set is used with an internal antenna alone, it may interfere with the vehicle's electrical system and adversely affect safe operation of the vehicle. NOTE: Order of playing files (folders) : 1. Song playing order : sequentially. 2. Folder playing order : If no song file is contained in the❋ folder, that folder is not displayed. NOTICE Do not use a cellular phone while driving. Stop at a safe location to use a cellular phone. WARNING


===== PAGE 251 =====

Operating the device while driving could lead to accidents due to a lack of attention to external surroundings. First park the vehicle before operating the device. • Adjust the volume to levels that allow the driver to hear sounds from outside of the vehicle. Driving in a state where external sounds cannot be heard may lead to accidents. • Pay attention to the volume setting when turning the device on. A sudden output of extreme volume upon turning the device on could lead to hearing impairment. (Adjust the volume to a suitable levels before turning off the device.) (Continued) (Continued) • Do not place beverages close to the audio system. Spilling beverages may lead to system malfunction. • In case of product malfunction, please contact your place of purchase or After Service center. • Placing the audio system within an electromagnetic environment may result in noise interference. • Prevent caustic solutions such as perfume and cosmetic oil from contacting the dashboard because they may cause damage or discoloration. NOTICE • Do not stare at the screen while driving. Staring at the screen for prolonged periods of time could lead to traffic accidents. • Do not disassemble, assemble, or modify the audio system. Such acts could result in accidents, fire, or electric shock. • Using the phone while driving may lead to a lack of attention of traffic conditions and increase the likelihood of accidents. Use the phone feature after parking the vehicle. • Heed caution not to spill water or introduce foreign objects into the device. Such acts could lead to smoke, fire, or product malfunction. WARNING


===== PAGE 252 =====

Information - Using the discs • This device has been manufactured to be compatible with software bearing the following logo marks. • Do not clean discs with chemical solutions, such as record sprays, antistatic sprays, antistatic liquids, benzene, or thinners. • After using a disc, put the disc back in its original case to prevent disc scratches. • Hold discs by their edges or within the center hole to prevent damages to disc surfaces. • Do not introduce foreign substances into the disc insert/eject slot. Introducing foreign substances could damage the device interior. • Do not insert two discs simultaneously. • When using CD-R/CD-RW discs, differences in disc reading and playing times may occur depending on the disc manufacturer, production method and the recording method as used by the user. (Continued) (Continued) • Clean fingerprints and dust off the disc surface (coated side) with a soft cloth. • The use of CD-R/CD-RW discs attached with labels may result in disc slot jams or difficulties in disc removal. Such discs may also result in noise while playing. • Some CD-R/CD-RW discs may not properly operate depending on the disc manufacturer, production method and the record method as used by the user. If problems persist, trying using a different CD as continued use may result in malfunctions. • The performance of this product may differ depending on the CDRW Drive Software. • Copy-protected CDs such as S-type CDs may not function in the device. DATA discs cannot be played. (However, such discs may still operate but will do so abnormally.) (Continued) (Continued) • Do not use abnormally shaped discs heart-shaped, octagonshaped) as such discs could lead to malfunctions. • If the disc is straddled on the disc slot without removal for 10 seconds, the disc will automatically be reinserted into the disc player. • Only genuine audio CDs are supported. Other discs may result in recognition failure (e.g. copy CD-R, CDs with labels)


===== PAGE 253 =====

Information - Using the USB device • Connect the USB device after turning on the engine. The USB device may become damaged if it is already connected when the ignition is turned on.The USB device may not operate properly if the car ignition is turned on or off with the USB device connected. • Heed caution to static electricity when connecting/disconnecting USB devices. • Encoded MP3 Players will not be recognized when connected as an external device. • When connecting an external USB device, the device may not properly recognize the USB is in some states. (Continued) (Continued) • Only products formatted with byte/sectors under 64Kbyte will be recognized. • This device recognizes USB devices formatted in FAT 12/16/32 file formats. This device does not recognize files in NTFS file format. • Some USB devices may not be supported due to compatibility issues. • Avoid contact between the USB connector with bodily parts or foreign objects. • Repeated connecting/disconnecting of USB devices within short periods of time may result in product malfunction. • A strange noise may occur when disconnecting the USB. • Make sure to connect/disconnect external USB devices with the audio power turned off. (Continued) (Continued) • The amount of time required to recognize the USB device may differ depending on the type, size or file formats stored in the USB. Such differences in time are not indications of malfunctions. • The device only supports USB devices used to play music files. • USB images and videos are not supported. • Do not use the USB I/F to charge batteries or USB accessories that generate heat. Such acts may lead to worsened performance or damage to the device. • The device may not recognize the USB device if separately purchased USB hubs and extension cables are being used. Connect the USB directly with the multimedia terminal of the vehicle. (Continued)


===== PAGE 254 =====

(Continued) • When using mass storage USB devices with separate logical drives, only files saved to the root drive can be played. • Files may not properly operate if application programs are installed to the USBs. • The device may not operate normally if MP3 Players, cellular phones, digital cameras, or other electronic devices (USB devices not recognized as portable disk drives) are connected with the device. • Charging through the USB may not work for some mobile devices. • The device may not support normal operation when using a USB memory type besides (Metal Cover Type) USB Memory. (Continued) (Continued) • The device may not support normal operation when using formats such as HDD Type, CF, or SD Memory. • The device will not support files locked by DRM (Digital Rights Management.) • USB memory sticks used by connecting an Adaptor (SD Type or CF Type) may not be properly recognized. • The device may not operate properly when using USB HDDs or USBs subject connection failures caused by vehicle vibrations. (e.g. istick type) (Continued) (Continued) • Avoid use of USB memory products that can also be used as key chains or mobile phone accessories. Use of such products may cause damage to the USB jack. • Connecting an MP3 device or phone through various channels, such as AUX/BT or Audio/ USB mode may result in pop noises or abnormal operation.


===== PAGE 255 =====

Information - Using the iPod®device • iPodis a registered trademark of® Apple Inc. while oper-• In order to use the iPod® ating the keys, you must use a dedicated iPodcable. (the cable that is® supplied when purchasing iPod® products)/iPhone® is connected to the vehi-• If the iPod® cle while it is playing, a high pitch sound could occur for approximately  seconds immediately after connecting. If possible, connect the iPod to the vehicle with the iPod® stopped/ paused. • During ACC ON state, connecting the iPodthrough the iPodcable®® will charge the iPodthrough the® car audio system. • When connecting with the iPod® cable, make sure to fully insert the jack to prevent communication interference. (Continued) (Continued) • When the EQ features of an external device, such as the iPod, and® the audio system are both active, EQ effects could overlap and cause sound deterioration and distortion. Whenever possible, turn off the EQ feature within the external device upon use by connecting with the audio system. • Noise may occur when an iPodor® AUX device is connected. When such devices are not being used, disconnect the device for storage. • When the iPodor AUX device® power is connected to the power jack, playing the external device may result in noise. In such cases, disconnect the power connection before use. • Skipping or improper operation may occur depending on the characdevice.teristics of your iPod/Phone®® (Continued) (Continued) is connected to both• If your iPhone® Wireless Technologythe Bluetooth® and USB, the sound may not be properly played. In your iPhone,® select the Dock connector or Wireless Technology toBluetooth® change the sound output (source). • iPod mode cannot be operated when the iPodcannot be recognized due® to versions that do not support communication protocols. • For fifth generation iPodNano® may not be recog-devices, the iPod® nized when the battery level is low. for use. Please charge the iPod® • Search/play orders shown within device may differ with thethe iPod® orders shown within the audio system. • If the iPodmalfunctions due to an® device defect, reset the iPodiPod®® and try again. (To learn more, refer to manual)your iPod® (Continued)


===== PAGE 256 =====

(Continued) • Some iPods may not sync with the® System depending on its version. If the Media is removed before the Media is recognized, then the system may not properly restore the previously operated mode. (iPad® charging is not supported.) Information - Using the AUX device • If an external device connector is connected with the AUX terminal, then AUX mode will automatically operate. Once the connector is disconnected, the previous mode will be restored. • AUX mode can be used only when an external audio player (camcorder, car VCR, etc.) has been connected. • The AUX volume can be controlled separately from other audio modes. • Connecting a connector jack to the AUX terminal without an external device will convert the system to AUX mode, but only output noise. When an external device is not being used, also remove the connector jack. (Continued) (Continued) • When the external device power is connected to the power jack, playing the external device may output noise. In such cases, disconnect the power connection before use. • Fully insert the AUX cable to the AUX jack upon use.


===== PAGE 257 =====

Information - Before using the Bluetooth® handsfree ?What is Bluetooth® refers to a short-distance• Bluetooth® wireless networking technology which uses a 2.4GHz ~ 2.48GHz frequency to connect various devices within a certain distance. • Supported within PCs, external devices, Bluetoothphones, PDAs,® various electronic devices, and automotive environments, Bluetooth® allows data to be transmitted at high speeds without having to use a connector cable. • BluetoothHandsfree refers to a® device which allows the user to conveniently make phone calls with Bluetoothmobile phones through® the audio system. Handsfree may not be sup-• Bluetooth® ported in some mobile phones. To learn more about mobile device compatibility. Information - Precautions for safe driving • BluetoothHandsfree is a feature® that enables drivers to practice safe driving. Connecting the head unit with a Bluetoothphone allows the® user to conveniently make and receive calls and use contacts. Before using Bluetooth, carefully® read the contents of this user’s manual. • Excessive use or operations while driving may lead to negligent driving practices and result in accidents. Refrain from excessive operations while driving. • Viewing the screen for prolonged periods of time is dangerous and may lead to accidents. When driving, view the screen only for short periods of time. Information - ®When connecting a Bluetooth phone • Before connecting the head unit with the mobile phone, check to see that the mobile phone supports features.Bluetooth® • Even the phone supports Bluetooth, the phone will not be® found during device searches if the phone has been set to hidden state or the Bluetoothpower is turned® off. Disable the hidden state or turn on the Bluetoothpower prior to® searching/connecting with the Head unit. • Bluetooth phone is automatically connected when the ignition on. • If you do not want automatic condevice,nection with your Bluetooth® feature with-turn off the Bluetooth® in your mobile phone. • The Handsfree call volume and quality may differ depending on the mobile phone. (Continued)


===== PAGE 258 =====

(Continued) • Park the vehicle when connecting the head unit with the mobile phone. • Bluetoothconnection may become® intermittently disconnected in some mobile phones. Follow these steps to try again. 1.Within the mobile phone, turn the function off/on and tryBluetooth® again. 2.Turn the mobile phone power Off/On and try again. 3.Completely remove the mobile phone battery, reboot, and then again. 4.Reboot the Audio System and try again. 5.Delete all paired devices, pair and try again. • Handsfree call quality and volume may differ depending on the model of your mobile phone.


===== PAGE 259 =====

Information ®- Using the BluetoothWireless Technology cellular phone • Do not use a cellular phone or perWireless Technologyform Bluetooth® settings (e.g. pairing a phone) while driving. • Some BluetoothWireless Technology® -enabled phones may not be recognized by the system or fully compatible with the system. • Before using BluetoothWireless® Technology related features of the audio system, refer your phone’s User’s Manual for phone-side Bluetooth® Wireless Technology operations. • The phone must be paired to the audio system to use Bluetooth® Wireless Technology related features. ( Continued) ( Continued) • You will not be able to use the hands-free feature when your phone (in the car) is outside of the cellular service area (e.g. in a tunnel, in a underground, in a mountainous area, etc.). • If the cellular phone signal is poor or the vehicles interior noise is too loud, it may be difficult to hear the other person’s voice during a call. • Do not place the phone near or inside metallic objects, otherwise communications with Bluetooth® Wireless Technology system or cellular service stations can be disturbed. • While a phone is connected through Wireless Technology yourBluetooth® phone may discharge quicker than usual for additional Bluetooth® Wireless Technology-related operations. ( Continued) ( Continued) • Some cellular phones or other devices may cause interference noise or malfunction to audio system. In this case, store the device in a different location may resolve the condition. • Phone contact names should be saved in English or they may not be displayed correctly. • If Priority is set upon vehicle ignition(IGN/ACC ON), the Bluetooth® Wireless Technology phone will be automatically connected. Even if you are outside, the Bluetooth® Wireless Technology phone will be automatically connected once you are in the vicinity of the vehicle. If you do not want automatic Wireless Technology con-Bluetooth® Wirelessnection, turn the Bluetooth® Technology feature off. ( Continued)


===== PAGE 260 =====

( Continued) • The hands-free call volume and quality may differ depending on the mobile phone type. • BluetoothWireless Technology fea-® tures can be used only when the mobile phone has been paired and connected with the device. For more information on pairing and connecting BluetoothWireless Technology® enabled mobile phones, refer to the “Phone Setup” section. Wireless Technology• When a Bluetooth® mobile phone is connected, a ( icon will appear at the top of the screen. If a ( ) icon is not displayed, this indicates that Bluetooth® Wireless Technology enabled device has not been connected. You must connect the device before use. For more information on Bluetooth® Wireless Technology mobile phones, refer to the “Phone Setup” section. ( Continued) ( Continued) • Pairing and connecting a Bluetooth® Wireless Technology enabled mobile phone will work only when the Bluetooth® Wireless Technology option within your mobile phone has been turned on. (Methods of turning on the BluetoothWireless® Technology enabled feature may differ depending on the mobile phone.) • In some mobile phones, starting the ignition while talking through Bluetooth® Wireless Technology enabled handsfree call will result in the call becoming disconnected. (Switch the call back to your mobile phone when starting the ignition.) • Some features may not be supported Wireless Technologyin some Bluetooth® mobile phone and devices. ( Continued) ( Continued) • Bluetooth® Wireless Technology enabled operation may be unstable depending on the communication state. • Placing the audio system within an electromagnetic environment may result in noise interference.


===== PAGE 261 =====

Display and settings may differ depending on the❈ selected audio. Audio Head Unit (For EUROPE) - RDS, Bluetooth equipped model Name Description Ejects the disc. RADIO • Convert to Radio mode. • Each time the key is pressed,the mode is changed in order of FM1, FM2, FMA, AM, AMA. Name Description MEDIA Each time the key is pressed, the mode is , AUX, Mychanged in order of CD, USB, iPod® Music, BT Audio modes. In Setup>Display, the media pop up screen will❈ be displayed when [Mode Pop up] is turned When the pop up screen is displayed, use the❈ TUNE knob or keys select the desired mode. Converts to Phone mode. When a phone is not connected, the connec-❈ tion screen is displayed. TRACK SEEK • Radio mode : Automatically searches for broadcast frequencies. • CD, USB, iPod, My Music modes :® - Shortly press the key : Moves to next or previous song(file). - Press and hold the key : Rewinds or fast-forwards the current song(file). POWER/ VOLUME knob Power Knob : Turns power On/Off by pressing the knob. Volume Knob : Sets volume by turning the knob left/right. (Preset) • Radio mode : Saves frequencies (channels) or receives saved frequencies (channels). • CD, USB, iPod, My Music modes® : Repeat : Random 2 RDM 1 RPT


===== PAGE 262 =====

Name Description Each time the button is shortly pressed, it sets the screen Off Screen On Screen Off.➟➟ Audio operation is maintained and only the❈ screen will be turned Off. In the screen Off state, press any key to turn the screen On again. SCAN Set TA(Traffic Announcement) feature On/Off. • Shortly press the key : Moves to the Display, Sound, Clock, Phone, System setting modes. • Press and hold the key : Moves to clock settings MENU Displays menus for the current mode. FOLDER FOLDER MP3 CD, USB modes : Folder Search. May differ depending on the selected audio.❈ TUNE knob • Radio mode : Changes frequency by turning the knob left/right. modes : Searches songs (files)• CD, USB, iPod® by turning the knob left/right. When the desired song is displayed, press the❈ knob to play the song.


===== PAGE 263 =====

Name Description Each time the button is shortly pressed, it sets the screen Off Screen On Screen Off.➟➟ Audio operation is maintained and only the❈ screen will be turned Off. In the screen Off state, press any key to turn the screen On again. SCAN Set TA(Traffic Announcement) feature On/Off. • Shortly press the key : Moves to the Display, Sound, Clock, Phone, System setting modes. • Press and hold the key : Moves to clock settings MENU Displays menus for the current mode. FOLDER FOLDER MP3 CD, USB modes : Folder Search. May differ depending on the selected audio.❈ TUNE knob • Radio mode : Changes frequency by turning the knob left/right. modes : Searches songs (files)• CD, USB, iPod® by turning the knob left/right. When the desired song is displayed, press the❈ knob to play the song.


===== PAGE 264 =====

- No RDS, No Bluetooth equipped model Name Descrition Ejects the disc. • Changes to FM mode. • Each time the key is pressed, the mode changed in order of FM1 FM2.➟ Changes to AM mode. Name Description MEDIA Each time the key is pressed, the mode is , AUXchanged in order of CD, USB, iPod® modes. In Setup>Display, the media pop up screen❈ will be displayed when [Mode Pop up] is turned When the pop up screen is displayed, use the❈ TUNE knob or keys select the desired mode. TRACK SEEK • Radio mode : Automatically searches for broadcast frequencies. modes :• CD, USB, iPod® - Shortly press the key : Moves to next or previous song(file). - Press and hold the key : Rewinds or fast-forwards the current song(file). POWER/ VOLUME knob Power Knob : Turns power On/Off by pressing the knob. Volume Knob : Sets volume by turning the knob left/right. (Preset) • Radio mode : Saves frequencies (channels) or receives saved frequencies (channels). modes• CD, USB, iPod® : Repeat : Random 2 RDM 1 RPT


===== PAGE 265 =====

- No Bluetooth equipped model Name Descrition Ejects the disc. • Changes to FM mode. • Each time the key is pressed, the mode changed in order of FM1 FM2.➟ Changes to AM mode. Name Description MEDIA • Each time the key is pressed, the mode is , AUXchanged in order of CD, USB, iPod® modes. In Setup>Display, the media pop up screen❈ will be displayed when [Mode Pop up] is turned When the pop up screen is displayed, use the❈ TUNE knob or keys select the desired mode. TRACK SEEK • Radio mode : Automatically searches for broadcast frequencies. • CD, USB, iPodmodes :® - Shortly press the key : Moves to next or previous song(file). - Press and hold the key : Rewinds or fast-forwards the current song(file). POWER/ VOLUME knob Power Knob : Turns power On/Off by pressing the knob. Volume Knob : Sets volume by turning the knob left/right. (Preset) • Radio mode : Saves frequencies (channels) or receives saved frequencies (channels). • CD, USB, iPodmodes® : Repeat : Random 2 RDM 1 RPT


===== PAGE 266 =====

Name Description DISP Each time the button is shortly pressed, it sets the screen Off Screen On Screen Off.➟➟ Audio operation is maintained and only the screen❈ will be turned Off. In the screen Off state, press any key to turn the screen On again. Name Description SCAN • Radio mode - Shortly press the key : Previews each broad cast for 5 seconds each. - Press and hold the key : Previews the broad casts saved in Preset for 5 seconds each. Press the ❈ key again to continue listening to the current frequency. modes• CD, USB, iPod® - Shortly press the key : Previews each song (file) for 10 seconds each. Press the ❈ key again to continue listeningto the current song (file). SCAN SCAN SETUP CLOCK • Shortly press the key : Moves to the Display, Sound, Clock, Phone, System setting modes. • Press and hold the key : Moves to clock settings MENU Displays menus for the current mode. FOLDER FOLDER MP3 CD, USB modes : Folder Search. May differ depending on the selected audio.❈ TUNE knob • Radio mode : Changes frequency by turning the knob left/right. modes : Searches songs (files)• CD, USB, iPod® by turning the knob left/right. When the desired song is displayed, press the❈ knob to play the song.


===== PAGE 267 =====

Display Settings Press the key Select [Display] through TUNE knob or key Select menu through TUNE knob Mode Pop up [Mode Pop up] Changes selection mode • During On state, press the key to display the mode change pop up screen. Scroll text [Scroll text] Set : Maintains scroll : Scrolls only one (1) time. Song Info When playing an MP3 file, select the desired display info from ‘Folder/File’ or ‘Album/Artist/Song’. Sound Settings Press the key Select [Sound] through TUNE knob or key Select menu through TUNE knob 2 RDM Off Off MEDIA RADIO 1 RPT


===== PAGE 268 =====

Audio Settings This menu allows you to set the ‘Bass, Middle, Treble’ and the Sound Fader and Balance. Select [Audio Settings] Select menu through TUNE knob Turn TUNE knob left/right to set • Bass, Middle, Treble : Selects the sound tone. • Fader, Balance : Moves the sound fader and balance. • Default : Restores default settings. Return : While adjusting values,❈ re-pressing the TUNE knob will restore the parent menu. Speed Dependent Volume Control This feature is used to automatically control the volume level according to the speed of the vehicle. Select [Speed Dependent Vol.] Turn SDVC On/Off by pressing the TUNE knob


===== PAGE 269 =====

Time Format This function is used to set the 12/24 hour time format of the audio system. Select [Time Format] Set 12Hr/ 24Hr through TUNE knob Clock Display when Power is OFF Select [Clock Disp.(Pwr Off)] Set through TUNE knob : Displays time/date on screen : Turn off. Automatic RDS Time (If equipped) This option is used to automatically set the time by synchronizing with RDS. Select [Automatic RDS Time] Set through TUNE knob : Turn on Automatic Time : Turn off. Because some local radio stations do not support an automatic RDS time function, some RDS Transmitters may not provide correct time. If incorrect time is displayed, set it manually following the Step "Clock Setting" in previous page. NOTICE Off Off Off Off


===== PAGE 270 =====

Phone Settings (For BluetoothWireless® Technology equipped model) Press the key Select [Phone] through TUNE knob or key Select menu through TUNE knob Pair Phone To pair a Bluetooth® Wireless Technology enabled mobile phone, authentication and connection processes are first required. As a result, you cannot pair your mobile phone while driving the vehicle. First park your vehicle before use. Select [Pair Phone] Set through TUNE knob Search for device names as dis-➀ played on your mobile phone and connect. Input the passkey displayed on the➁ screen. (Passkey : 0000) The device name and passkey will❈ be displayed on the screen for up to 3 minutes. If pairing is not completed within the 3 minutes, the mobile phone pairing process will automatically be canceled. Pairing completion is displayed.➂ In some mobile phones, pairing❈ will automatically be followed by connection. It is possible to pair up to five❈ BluetoothWireless Technology® enabled mobile phones. NOTICE


===== PAGE 271 =====

Phone List The names of up to 5 paired phones will be displayed. A [ ] is displayed in front of the currently connected phone. Select the desired name to setup the selected phone. • Connecting a phone Select [Phone List] Select mobile phone through TUNE knob Select [Connect Phone] Select a mobile phone that is not➀ currently connected. Connect the selected mobile➁ phone. Connection completion is dis-➂ played. If a phone is already connected,❈ disconnect the currently connected phone and select a new phone to connect. • Disconnecting a connected phone Select [Phone List] Select mobile phone through TUNE knob Select [Disconnect Phone] Select the currently connected➀ mobile phone. Disconnect the selected mobile➁ phone. Disconnection completion is dis-➂ played. • Changing connection sequence (Priority) This is used to change the order (priority) of automatic connection for the paired mobile phones. Select [Phone List] Select [Priority] through TUNE knob Select No. 1 Priority mobile phone Select [Priority].➀ From the paired phones, select➁ the phone desired for No.1 priority. The changed priority sequence is➂ displayed. Once the connection sequence❈ (priority) is changed, the new no. 1 priority mobile phone will be connected. - When the no. 1 priority cannot be connected : Automatically attempts to connect the most recently connected phone. - Cases when the most recently connected phone cannot be connected : Attempts to connect in the order in which paired phones are listed. - The connected phone will automatically be changed to No. 1 priority.


===== PAGE 272 =====

• Delete Select [Phone List] Select mobile phone through TUNE knob Select [Delete] Select the desired mobile phone.➀ Delete the selected mobile phone.➁ Deletion completion is displayed.➂ When attempting to delete a cur-❈ rently connected phone, the phone is first disconnected. • When you delete a mobile phone, the mobile phone phone book will also be erased. • For stable BluetoothWireless® Technology communication, delete the mobile phone from the audio and also delete the audio from your mobile phone. Phone book Download This feature is used to download phone book and call histories into the audio system. Select [Phone book Download] Select through TUNE knob • The download feature may not be supported in some mobile phones. • If a different operation is performed while phone book is being downloaded, downloading will be discontinued. Phone book already downloaded will be saved. • When downloading new phone book, delete all previously saved phone book before starting download. Auto Download When connecting a mobile phone, it is possible to automatically download new phone book and Call Histories. Select [Auto Download] Set through TUNE knob Audio Streaming Songs (files) saved your Bluetooth® Wireless Technology enabled mobile phone can be played through the audio system. Select [Audio Streaming] Set through TUNE knob The BluetoothWireless Technology® audio streaming feature may not be supported in some mobile phones. NOTICE Off Off NOTICE NOTICE


===== PAGE 273 =====

Outgoing Volume This is used to set the volume of your voice as heard by the other party BluetoothWirelesswhile on a ® Technology enabled handsfree call. Select [Outgoing Volume] Set volume through TUNE knob Even while on a call, the volume❈ can be changed by using the key. Wireless TechnologyBluetooth® System Off This feature is used when you do not wish to use the BluetoothWireless® system.Technology Select [Bluetooth System Off] Set through TUNE knob If a phone is already connected,❈ disconnect the currently connected phone and turn the Bluetooth® Wireless Technology system off. Using the BluetoothWireless® Technology System Wireless TechnologyTo use Bluetooth® when the system is currently off, follow these next steps. • Turning On BluetoothWireless® Technology through the Key Press the key Screen Guidance Moves to the screen where❈ BluetoothWireless Technology® functions can be used and displays guidance. • Turning On BluetoothWireless® Technology through the Key Press the key Select [Phone] through TUNE knob or key A screen asking whether to turn➀ Wireless Technologyon Bluetooth® will be displayed. On the screen, select ➁ to turn Wireless Technologyon Bluetooth® and display guidance. Wireless TechnologyIf the Bluetooth®❈ system is turned on, the system will automatically try to connect the most recently connected BluetoothWireless Technology® mobile phone. • BluetoothWireless Technology® connection may become intermittently disconnected in some mobile phones. Follow these next steps to try again. 1) Turn the Bluetooth® Wireless Technology function within the mobile phone ON/OFF and try to connect again. 2) Turn the mobile phone power ON/OFF and try to connect again. 3) Completely remove the mobile phone battery, reboot, and then try to connect again. 4) Reboot the audio system and try to connect again 5) Delete all paired devices in your mobile phone and the audio system and pair again for use. TRACK SEEK NOTICE YES


===== PAGE 274 =====

System Settings Press the key Select [System] through tune knob or key Select menu through TUNE knob Memory Information (if equipped) Displays currently used memory and total system memory. Select [Memory Information] OK The currently used memory is displayed on the left side while the total system memory is displayed on the right side. May differ depending on the❈ selected audio. Language This menu is used to set the display and voice recognition language. Select [Language] Set through TUNE knob The system will reboot after the❈ language is changed. Language support by region❈


===== PAGE 275 =====

Display Settings Press the key Select [Display] through TUNE knob or key Mode Pop up [Mode Pop up] Changes selection mode • During On state, press the key to display the mode change pop up screen. Text Scroll [Text Scroll] Set : Maintains scroll : Scrolls only one (1) time. Media Display When playing an MP3 file, select the desired display info from ‘Folder/File’ or ‘Album/Artist/Song’. SETUP CLOCK 1 RPT Off Off MEDIA RADIO Off


===== PAGE 276 =====

Sound Settings Press the key Select [Sound] through TUNE knob or key Sound Settings This menu allows you to set the ‘Bass, Middle, Treble’ and the Sound Fader and Balance. Select [Sound Settings] Select menu through TUNE knob Turn TUNE knob left/right to set • Bass, Middle, Treble : Selects the sound tone. • Fader, Balance : Moves the sound fader and balance. • Default : Restores default settings. Back : While adjusting values,❈ pressing the TUNE knob will restore the parent menu. Speed Dependent Volume Control This feature is used to automatically control the volume level according to the speed of the vehicle. Select [Speed Dependent Vol.] Turn SDVC On/Off by pressing the TUNE knob. SETUP CLOCK 2 RDM


===== PAGE 277 =====

Phone Settings BluetoothWireless(For® Technology equipped model) Press the key Select [Phone] through TUNE knob or key Select menu through TUNE knob Pair Phone To pair a Bluetooth® Wireless Technology enabled mobile phone, authentication and connection processes are first required. As a result, you cannot pair your mobile phone while driving the vehicle. First park your vehicle before use. Select [Pair Phone] Set through TUNE knob Search for device names as dis-➀ played on your mobile phone and connect. Input the passkey displayed on the➁ screen. (Passkey : 0000) The device name and passkey will❈ be displayed on the screen for up to 3 minutes. If pairing is not completed within the 3 minutes, the mobile phone pairing process will automatically be canceled. Pairing completion is displayed.➂ In some mobile phones, pairing❈ will automatically be followed by connection. It is possible to pair up to five❈ BluetoothWireless Technology® enabled mobile phones. NOTICE SETUP CLOCK


===== PAGE 278 =====

- The connected phone will automatically be changed to No. 1 priority. • Delete Select [Phone List] Select mobile phone through TUNE knob Select [Delete] Select the desired mobile phone.➀ Delete the selected mobile phone.➁ Deletion completion is displayed.➂ When attempting to delete a cur-❈ rently connected phone, the phone is first disconnected. • When you delete a mobile phone, the mobile phone contacts will also be erased. • For stable BluetoothWireless® Technology communication, delete the mobile phone from the audio and also delete the audio from your mobile phone. Contacts Download This feature is used to download contacts and call histories into the audio system. Select [Contacts Download] Select through TUNE knob • The download feature may not be supported in some mobile phones. • If a different operation is performed while Contacts are being downloaded, downloading will be discontinued. Contacts already downloaded will be saved. • When downloading new Contacts, delete all previously saved Contacts before starting download. Auto Download When connecting a mobile phone, it is possible to automatically download new Contacts and Call Histories. Select [Auto Download] Set through TUNE knob Audio Streaming Songs (files) saved your Bluetooth® Wireless Technology mobile phone can be playedenabled through the audio system. Select [Audio Streaming] Set through TUNE knob The BluetoothWireless Technology® audio streaming feature may not be supported in some mobile phones. Outgoing Volume This is used to set the volume of your voice as heard by the other party while on a BluetoothWireless® Technology enabled handsfree call. Select [Outgoing Volume] Set volume through TUNE knob Even while on a call, the volume❈ can be changed by using the key. Off NOTICE NOTICE Off NOTICE TRACK SEEK


===== PAGE 279 =====

BluetoothWireless Technology® System Off This feature is used when you do not BluetoothWirelesswish to use the ® system.Technology Select [Bluetooth System Off] Set through TUNE knob If a phone is already connected,❈ disconnect the currently connectBluetoothed phone and turn the ® Wireless Technology system off. Using the BluetoothWireless® Technology System Wireless TechnologyTo use Bluetooth® when the system is currently off, follow these next steps. BluetoothWireless• Turning On ® Technology through the Key Press the key Screen Guidance Moves to the screen where❈ BluetoothWireless Technology® functions can be used and displays guidance. • Turning On BluetoothWireless® Technology through the key Press the key Select [Phone] through TUNE knob or key A screen asking whether to turn➀ Wireless Technologyon Bluetooth® will be displayed. On the screen, select ➁ to turn Wireless Technologyon Bluetooth® and display guidance. If the BluetoothWireless Technology®❈ system is turned on, the system will automatically try to connect the most recently connected BluetoothWireless Technology® mobile phone. • BluetoothWireless Technology® connection may become intermittently disconnected in some mobile phones. Follow these next steps to try again. 1) Turn the Bluetooth® Wireless Technology function within the mobile phone ON/OFF and try to connect again. 2) Turn the mobile phone power ON/OFF and try to connect again. 3) Completely remove the mobile phone battery, reboot, and then try to connect again. 4) Reboot the audio system and try to connect again 5) Delete all paired devices in your mobile phone and the audio system and pair again for use. System Settings YES SETUP CLOCK SETUP CLOCK PHONE PHONE NOTICE


===== PAGE 280 =====

Press the key Select [System] through tune knob or key May differ depending on the slect-❈ ed audio. Memory Information Displays currently used memory and total system memory. Select [Memory Information] OK The currently used memory is displayed on the left side while the total system memory is displayed on the right side. SETUP CLOCK


===== PAGE 281 =====

SEEK Press the key • Shortly pressing the key (under 0.8 seconds) : Changes the frequency. • Pressing and holding the key (over seconds) Automatically searches for the next frequency. Preset SEEK Press the key • Shortly pressing the key (under 0.8 seconds) : Plays the frequency saved in the corresponding key. • Pressing and holding the key (over 0.8 seconds) : Pressing and holding the desired key from will save the currently playing broadcast to the selected key and sound a BEEP. Press the key • Pressing and holding the key : The broadcast frequency increases and previews each broadcast for 5 seconds each. After scanning all frequencies, returns and plays the current broadcast frequency. Selecting through manual search Turn the TUNE knob left/right to adjust the frequency. Traffic Announcement (TA) Shortly pressing the key (under 0.8 seconds) : Set TA Traffic Announcement) mode. MENU Within key are the A.Store (Auto Store) and Info functions. SCAN SCAN TRACK SEEK MENU Off


===== PAGE 282 =====

AST (Auto Store) Press the key Set [ AST] through TUNE knob or key. Select AST (Auto Store) to save frequencies with superior reception to presets . If no frequencies are received, then the most recently received frequency will be broadcast. Saves only to the Preset memory❈ of FMA or AMA mode. AF (Alternative Frequency) Press the key Set [ through TUNE knob or key. The Alternative Frequency option can be turned On/Off. Region Press the key Set [ Region] through TUNE knob or key. The Region option can be turned On/Off. News Press the key Set [ News] through TUNE knob or key. The News option can be turned On/Off. Info Volume Info Volume refers to the sound volume upon receiving News or Traffic information. The info volume can be controlled by turning the VOL knob left/right while a news or traffic broadcast is playing. AF, Region, and News are RDS❈ Radio menus. MENU 1 RPT MENU MENU 2 RDM MENU


===== PAGE 283 =====

MENU : Audio CD In CD mode, press key. Repeat Set [ RPT] through the TUNE knob or key to repeat the current song. Press RPT again to turn off.❈ Random Set [ RDM] through the TUNE knob or key to randomly play songs within the CD. Press RDM again to turn off.❈ Information Set [ Info] through the TUNE knob or key to display information of the current song. Press the❈ key to turn off info display. MENU : MP3 CD / USB In MP3 CD / USB mode, press key. Repeat Set [ RPT] through the TUNE knob or key to repeat the current song. Press RPT again to turn off.❈ Folder Random Set [ F.RDM] through the TUNE knob or key to randomly play songs within the current folder. Press F.RDM again to turn off.❈ 2 RDM 2 RDM 1 RPT 1 RPT MENU MENU MENU


===== PAGE 284 =====

Folder Repeat Set [ F.RPT] through the TUNE knob or key to repeat songs within the current folder. Press F.RPT again to turn off.❈ All Random Set [ A.RDM] through the TUNE knob or key to randomly play all songs within the CD / USB. Press A.RDM again to turn off.❈ Information Set [ Info] through the TUNE knob or key to display information of the current song. Press the ❈ key to turn off info display. Copy (If equipped) Set [ Copy] through the TUNE knob or key. This is used to copy the current❈ song into My Music. You can play the copied Music in My Music mode. If another key is pressed while❈ copying is in progress, a pop up asking you whether to cancel copying is displayed. If another media is connected or❈ inserted (USB, CD, iPod, AUX)® while copying is in progress, copying is canceled. Music will not be played while❈ copying is in progress. MENU : iPod® In iPod mode, press key. Repeat Set [ RPT] through the TUNE knob or key to repeat the current song. Press RPT again to turn repeat❈ off. Random Set [ RDM] through the TUNE knob or key. Plays all songs within the currently playing category in random order. Press RDM again to turn off.❈ 2 RDM 1 RPT MENU MENU


===== PAGE 285 =====

Information Set [ Info] through the TUNE knob or key. Displays information of the current song. Press the ❈ key to turn off info display. Search Set [ Search] through the TUNE knob or key. Displays iPodcategory list.® Searching iPod®❈ category is key pressed, move to parent category. MENU : My Music Mode (If equipped) In My Music mode, press key. Repeat Set [ RPT] through the TUNE knob key. Repeats the currently playing song. Press RPT again to turn repeat❈ off. Random Set [ RDM] through the TUNE knob key. Plays all songs within the currently playing folder in random order. Press RDM again to turn random❈ off. Information Set [ Info] through the TUNE knob key. Displays information of the current song. Press the ❈ key to turn off info display. Delete Set [ Delete] through the TUNE knob or key. • Deletes currently playing file In the play screen, pressing delete will delete the currently playing song. • Deletes file from list Select the file you wish to delete➀ by using the TUNE knob. Press the ➁ key and select the delete menu to delete the selected file. MENU MENU 2 RDM 1 RPT MENU MENU MENU


===== PAGE 286 =====

Delete All Set [ Del.All] through the TUNE knob or key. Deletes all songs of My Music. Delete Selection Press the key Set [ Del.Sel] through the TUNE knob or key. Songs within My Music are selected and deleted. Select the songs you wish to➀ delete from the list. After selecting, press the➁ key and select the delete menu. AUX AUX is used to play external MEDIA currently connected with the AUX terminal. AUX mode will automatically start when an external device is connected to the AUX terminal. If an external device is connected, you can also press the key to change to AUX mode. AUX mode cannot be started❈ unless there is an external device connected to the AUX terminal. Information - USING THE AUX Fully insert the AUX cable into the AUX terminal for use. MEDIA MENU MENU


===== PAGE 287 =====

Making a call using the Steering wheel remote controll The actual feature in the vehicle may differ from the❈ illustration. Name Description MODE • Each time this key is pressed, the mode is changed in order of FM1 FM2 FMA AM➟➟➟➟ AMA CD USB(iPod) AUX.➟➟➟ • If the media is not connected or a disc is not inserted, corresponding modes will be disabled. VOLVOL+ Raises or lowers speaker volume. MUTE Mutes audio volume.


===== PAGE 288 =====

Making a call using the Steering wheel remote controller (For Bluetooth equipped Model) The actual feature in the vehicle may differ from the❈ illustration. Name Description MUTE Mutes the microphone during a call. MODE • Each time this key is pressed, the mode is changed in order of FM1 FM2 FMA AM➟➟➟➟ AMA CD USB(iPod) AUX My Music ➟➟➟➟➟ BT Audio • If the media is not connected or a disc is not inserted, corresponding modes will be disabled. VOLVOL+ Raises or lowers speaker volume. key Places and transfers calls. • Check call history and making call Shortly press (under 0.8 seconds) the ➀ key on the steering remote controller. The call history list will be displayed on the➁ screen. Press the ➂ key again to connect a call to the selected number. • Redialing the most recently called number Press and hold (over 0.8 seconds) the ➀ key on the steering remote controller. The most recently called number is redialed.➁ key Ends calls or cancels functions.


===== PAGE 289 =====

Phone MENU (For EUROPE) Press the key to display three menus (Call History, Phone Book, Phone Setup). Call History Press the key Set [ History] through the TUNE knob or key. The call history is displayed and can be used to select a number and make a call. If call history does not exist, a screen asking whether to download call history is displayed. (The download feature may not be supported in some mobile phones) Phone Book Press the key Set [ P. Book] through the TUNE knob or key. The phone book is displayed and can be used to select a number and make a call. If more than one number is saved❈ to one contact, then a screen showing the mobile phone number, Home and office number is displayed. Select the desired number to make the call. If phone book do not exist, a❈ screen asking whether to download phone book is displayed. (The download feature may not be supported some mobile phones) Phone Setup Press the key Set [ Setup] through the TUNE knob or key. Wireless Technology®The Bluetooth mobile phone setup screen is displayed. For more information, refer to “Phone Setup”. 2 RDM 1 RPT


===== PAGE 290 =====

Phone MENU (Except EUROPE) Press the key to display three menus (Call History, Contacts, Phone Setup). Call History Press the key Set [ History] through the TUNE knob or key. The call history is displayed and can be used to select a number and make a call. If call history does not exist, a screen asking whether to download call history is displayed. (The download feature may not be supported in some mobile phones) Contacts Press the key Set [ Contacts] through the TUNE knob or key. The Contacts are displayed and can be used to select a number and make a call. If more than one number is saved❈ to one contact, then a screen showing the mobile phone number, Home and office number is displayed. Select the desired number to make the call. If Contacts do not exist, a screen❈ asking whether to download Contacts is displayed. (The download feature may not be supported in some mobile phones) Phone Setup Press the key Set [ Setup] through the TUNE knob or key. ®The BluetoothWireless Technology mobile phone setup screen is displayed. For more information, refer to “Phone Setup”. PHONE PHONE PHONE PHONE 2 RDM 1 RPT


===== PAGE 291 =====

Hyundai iblue is a smart phone remote control Application which allows passengers to control car infotainment system functions such as Radio, Media, Sound via Bluetooth System requirements: Application name : Hyundai iblue Available OS : Android App Availability : Play store Supported Mobiles : Android mobiles with Version 4.4(Kitkat) & above. Main Features: Selection & Control of Media Change of Radio stations with Seek/Track buttons Switch between different Media sources: USB, iPod, Aux and Bluetooth Audio etc Standard media player functions: Play/Pause track, Next/Previous track Control the volume: Increase, decrease & mute Change Sound Settings Control of USB Video (if Infotainment supports video feature) Ensure that Bluetooth of mobile device is ON before using application For Remote Application working, Infotainment System should be paired with smart phone & connected to Hyundai iblue application. (please note that remote control connection establishment is different from pairing the device) The compatibility and features of this app may vary with vehicle variants. Infotainment system can be controlled by one mobile (via Hyundai iblue application) at a time Note that application doesn’t work during Connectivity mode. If connection is lost due to abnormal conditions while a Remote control is connected (communication range exceeded, device power OFF, communication errors, etc.), we need to Establish the Connection again. For Better experience, pair the Mobile device with the Infotainment system before using the application. Don'ts : Please Don’t turn off mobile Bluetooth while using Application NOTICE


===== PAGE 292 =====

Troubleshooting: Remote connection cannot be established in the below cases • Improper selection of Infotainment in pairing screen of App • Infotainment is already connected to Remote Application in one mobile • Connectivity mode (Android auto/Carplay/Mirrorlink) engaged in Infotainment • For more information, Visit Hyundai Website https://sync.hyundai.co.in/


===== PAGE 293 =====




===== PAGE 294 =====

Carbon monoxide (CO) gas is toxic. Breathing CO can cause unconsciousness and death. Engine exhaust contains carbon monoxide which cannot be seen or smelled. Do not inhale engine exhaust. If at any time you smell engine exhaust inside the vehicle, open the windows immediately. Exposure to CO can cause unconsciousness and death by asphyxiation. Be sure the exhaust system does not leak. The exhaust system should be checked whenever the vehicle is raised to change the oil or for any other purpose. If you hear a change in the sound of the exhaust or if you drive over something that strikes the underneath side of the vehicle, we recommend that the exhaust system be checked as soon as possible by an authorized HYUNDAI dealer. Do not run the engine in an enclosed area. Letting the engine idle in your garage, even with the garage door open, is a hazardous practice. Run the engine only long enough to start the engine and to move the vehicle out of the garage. Avoid idling the engine for prolonged periods with people inside the vehicle. If it is necessary to idle the engine for a prolonged period with people inside the vehicle , be sure to do so only in an open area with the air intake set at "Fresh" and fan control set to high so fresh air is drawn into the interior. Keep the air intakes clear. To assure proper operation of the ventilation system, keep the ventilation air intakes located in front of the windshield clear of snow, ice, leaves, or other obstructions. If you must drive with the tailgate open: Close all windows. Open instrument panel air vents. Set the air intake control at "Fresh", the air flow control at "Floor" or "Face", and the fan control set to high. WARNING


===== PAGE 295 =====

Before entering the vehicle • Be sure all windows, outside mirror(s), and outside lights are clean and unobstructed. • Remove frost, snow, or ice. • Visually check the tires for uneven wear and damage. • Check under the vehicle for any sign of leaks. • Be sure there are no obstacles behind you if you intend to back up. Before starting • Make sure the hood, the trunk, and the doors are securely closed and locked. • Adjust the position of the seat and steering wheel. • Adjust the inside and outside rearview mirrors. • Verify all the lights work. • Fasten your seatbelt. Check that all passengers have fastened their seatbelts. • Check the gauges and indicators in the instrument panel and the messages on the instrument display when the ignition switch is in the ON position. • Check that any items you are carrying are stored properly or fastened down securely. To reduce the risk of SERIOUS INJURY or DEATH, take the following precautions: • ALWAYS wear your seat belt. All passengers must be properly belted whenever the vehicle is moving. For more information, refer to "Seat Belts" in chapter 2. • Always drive defensively. Assume other drivers or pedestrians may be careless and make mistakes. • Stay focused on the task of driving. Driver distraction can cause accidents. • Leave plenty of space between you and the vehicle in front of you. WARNING


===== PAGE 296 =====

NEVER drink or take drugs and drive. Drinking or taking drugs and driving is dangerous and may result in accident and SERIOUS INJURY or DEATH. Drunk driving is the number one contributor to the highway death toll each year. Even a small amount of alcohol will affect your reflexes, perceptions and judgment. Just one drink can reduce your ability to respond to changing conditions and emergencies and your reaction time gets worse with each additional drink. Driving while under the influence of drugs is as dangerous or more dangerous than driving under the influence of alcohol. You are much more likely to have a WARNING serious accident if you drink or take drugs and drive. If you are drinking or taking drugs, don't drive. Do not ride with a driver who has been drinking or taking drugs. Choose a designated driver or call a taxi.


===== PAGE 297 =====

Key ignition switch OED046002 • NEVER turn the ignition switch to the LOCK or ACC position while the vehicle is in motion except in an emergency. This will result in the engine turning off and loss of power assist for the steering and brake systems. This may lead to loss of directional control and braking function, which could cause an accident. • Before leaving the driver’s seat, WARNING always make sure the shift lever is in P (Park) position, apply the parking brake, and turn ignition switch to the LOCK position. Unexpected vehicle movement may occur if these precautions are not followed. To reduce the risk of SERIOUS INJURY or DEATH, take the following precautions: • NEVER allow children or any person who is unfamiliar with the vehicle to touch the ignition switch related parts. Unexpected and sudden vehicle movement can occur. • NEVER reach through the steering wheel for the ignition switch, or any other control, while the vehicle is in motion. The presence of your hand or arm in this area may cause a loss of vehicle control resulting in an accident. WARNING LOCK ACC START


===== PAGE 298 =====

Key ignition switch positions Switch Position Action Notes LOCK To turn the ignition switch to the LOCK position, push the key in slightly at the ACC position and turn the key towards the LOCK position. The ignition key can be removed in the LOCK position. up. The steering wheel locks (if equipped) ACC Electrical accessories are usable. The steering wheel unlocks. If difficulty is experienced turning the ignition switch to the ACC position, turn the key while turning the steering wheel right and left to release tension. This is the normal key position when the engine has started. All features and accessories are usable. The warning lights can be checked when you turn the ignition switch from ACC to ON. Do not leave the ignition switch in the ON position when the engine is not running to prevent the battery from discharging. START To start the engine, turn the ignition switch to the START position. The switch returns to the ON position when you let go of the key. The engine will crank until you release the key.


===== PAGE 299 =====

Starting the engine Starting the petrol engine 1. Make sure the parking brake is applied. 2. Make sure the shift lever is in P (Park). 3. Depress the brake pedal. 4. Turn the ignition switch to the START position. Hold the key (maximum of 10 seconds) until the engine starts and release it. Information • Do not wait for the engine to warm up while the vehicle remains stationary. Start driving at moderate engine speeds. (Steep accelerating and decelerating should be avoided.) • Always start the vehicle with your foot on the brake pedal. Do not depress the accelerator while starting the vehicle. Do not race the engine while warming it up. • Always wear appropriate shoes when operating your vehicle. Unsuitable shoes, such as high heels, ski boots, sandals, flipflops, etc., may interfere with your ability to use the brake, accelerator and clutch pedals. • Do not start the vehicle with the accelerator pedal depressed. The vehicle can move and lead to an accident. • Wait until the engine rpm is normal. The vehicle may suddenly move if the brake padel is released when the rpm is high. WARNING


===== PAGE 300 =====

Starting the diesel engine To start the diesel engine when the engine is cold, it has to be pre-heated before starting the engine and then have to be warmed up before starting to drive. 1. Make sure the parking brake is applied. 2. Make sure the shift lever is in P (Park). 3. Depress the brake pedal. 4. Turn the ignition switch to the ON position to pre-heat the engine. The glow indicator light ( ) will illuminate. 5. When the glow indicator light ( goes out, turn the key ignition switch to the START position. Hold the key (maximum of 10 seconds) until the engine starts and release If the engine does not start within 10 seconds after preheating is completed, turn the ignition switch once more to the LOCK position and wait for 10 seconds. Then turn the ignition switch to the ON position in order to preheat the engine again. Starting and stopping the engine for turbocharger intercooler 1. Do not race or accelerate the engine immediately after starting the engine. If the engine is cold, idle for several seconds before sufficient lubrication is ensured in the turbo charger unit. 2. After high speed or extended driving that requires heavy engine load, idle the engine about 1 minute before turning the engine off. This idle time will allow the turbocharger to cool prior to shutting the engine off. NOTICE


===== PAGE 301 =====

Do not turn off the engine immediately after it has been subjected to a heavy load. Doing so may cause severe damage to the engine or turbo charger unit. To prevent damage to the vehicle: • Do not hold the ignition key in the START position for more than 10 seconds. Wait 5 to 10 seconds before trying again. • Do not turn the ignition switch to the START position with the engine running. It may damage the starter. • If traffic and road conditions permit, you may put the shift lever in the N (Neutral) position while the vehicle is still moving and turn the ignition switch to the START position in an attempt to restart the engine. • Do not push or tow your vehicle to start the engine. Engine Start/Stop button Whenever the front door is opened, the Engine Start/Stop button will illuminate and will go off 30 seconds after the door is closed. (if equipped) NOTICE NOTICE OTLE058002R


===== PAGE 302 =====

To turn the engine off in an emergency: Press and hold the Engine Start/ Stop button for more than two seconds OR Rapidly press and release the Engine Start/Stop button three times (within three seconds). If the vehicle is still moving, you can restart the engine without depressing the brake pedal by pressing the Engine Start/Stop button with the shift lever in the N (Neutral) position. WARNING • NEVER press the Engine Start/ Stop button while the vehicle is in motion except in an emergency. This will result in the engine turning off and loss of power assist for the steering and brake systems. This may lead to loss of directional control and braking function, which could cause an accident. • Before leaving the driver’s seat, always make sure the shift lever is in the P (Park) position, set the parking brake, press the Engine Start/ Stop button to the OFF position, and take the Smart Key with you. Unexpected vehicle movement may occur if these precautions are not followed. WARNING


===== PAGE 303 =====

Engine Stop/Start button positions Button Position Action Notes OFF To turn off the engine, press the Engine Start/Stop button with shift lever in P (Park). When you press the Engine Start/Stop button without the shift lever in P (Park), the Engine Start/Stop button does not turn to the OFF position, but turns to the ACC position. The steering wheel locks up (.if equipped) If the steering wheel is not locked properly when you open the driver's door, the warning chime will sound. ACC Press the Engine Start/Stop button when the button is in the OFF position without depressing the brake pedal. Electrical accessories are usable. The steering wheel unlocks. If you leave the Engine Start/Stop button in the ACC position for more than one hour, the battery power will turn off automatically to prevent the battery from discharging. If the steering wheel doesn't unlock properly, the Engine Start/Stop button will not work. Press the Engine Start/Stop button while turning the steering wheel right and left to release tension.


===== PAGE 304 =====

Button Position Action Notes Press the Engine Start/Stop button while it is in the ACC position without depressing the brake pedal. The warning lights can be checked before the engine is started. Do not leave the Engine Start/Stop button in the ON position when the engine is not running to prevent the battery from discharging. START To start the engine, depress the brake pedal and press the Engine Start/Stop button with the shift lever in the P (Park) or in the N (Neutral) position. For your safety, start the engine with the shift lever in the P (Park) position. If you press the Engine Start/Stop button without depressing the brake pedal, the engine does not start and the Engine Start/Stop button changes as follows: OFF ACC ON OFF or ACC→→→


===== PAGE 305 =====

Starting the engine Information • The engine will start by pressing the Engine Start/Stop button, only when the smart key is in the vehicle. • Even if the smart key is in the vehicle, if it is far away from the driver, the engine may not start. • When the Engine Start/Stop button is in the ACC or ON position, if any door is open, the system checks for the smart key. If the smart key is not in the vehicle, the " " indicator will blink and the warning "Key not in vehicle" will come on, and if all doors are closed, the chime will also sound for about 5 seconds. Keep the smart key in the vehicle when using the ACC position or if the vehicle engine is ON. Starting the petrol engine 1. Always carry the smart key with you. 2. Make sure the parking brake is applied. 3. Make sure the shift lever is in P (Park). 4. Depress the brake pedal. 5 Press the Engine Start/Stop button. Information • Do not wait for the engine to warm up while the vehicle remains stationary. Start driving at moderate engine speeds. (Steep accelerating and decelerating should be avoided.) • Always start the vehicle with your foot on the brake pedal. Do not depress the accelerator while starting the vehicle. Do not race the engine while warming it up. • Always wear appropriate shoes when operating your vehicle. Unsuitable shoes, such as high heels, ski boots, sandals, flipflops, etc., may interfere with your ability to use the brake, accelerator and clutch pedals. • Do not start the vehicle with the accelerator pedal depressed. The vehicle can move and lead to an accident. • Wait until the engine rpm is normal. The vehicle may suddenly move if the brake pedal is released when the rpm is high. WARNING


===== PAGE 306 =====

Starting the diesel engine To start the diesel engine when the engine is cold, it has to be pre-heated before starting the engine and then have to be warmed up before starting to drive. 1. Always carry the smart key with you. 2. Make sure the parking brake is applied. 3. Make sure the shift lever is in P (Park). 4. Depress the brake pedal. 5. Press the Engine Start/Stop button. 6. Continue depressing the brake pedal until the glow indicator light ) goes out. 7. When the glow indicator light ( goes out, the engine will start. If the Engine Start/Stop button is pressed while the engine is pre-heating, the engine may start. Starting and stopping the engine for turbocharger intercooler 1. Do not race or accelerate the engine immediately after starting the engine. If the engine is cold, idle for several seconds before sufficient lubrication is ensured in the turbo charger unit. 2. After high speed or extended driving that requires heavy engine load, idle the engine about 1 minute before turning the engine off. This idle time will allow the turbocharger to cool prior to shutting the engine off. Do not turn off the engine immediately after it has been subjected to a heavy load. Doing so may cause severe damage to the engine or turbo charger unit. To prevent damage to the vehicle: • If the engine stalls while you are in motion, do not attempt to move the shift lever to the P (Park) position. If traffic and road conditions permit, you may put the shift lever in the N (Neutral) position while the vehicle is still moving and press the Engine Start/Stop button in an attempt to restart the engine. • Do not push or tow your vehicle to start the engine. NOTICE NOTICE NOTICE


===== PAGE 307 =====

To prevent damage to the vehicle: Do not press the Engine Start/ Stop button for more than 10 seconds except when the stop lamp fuse is blown. When the stop lamp fuse is blown, you can't start the engine normally. Replace the fuse with a new one. If you are not able to replace the fuse, you can start the engine by pressing and holding the Engine Start/Stop button for 10 seconds with the Engine Start/ Stop button in the ACC position. For your safety always depress the brake and/or clutch pedal before starting the engine. Information If the smart key battery is weak or the smart key does not work correctly, you can start the engine by pressing the Engine Start/Stop button with the smart key in the direction of the picture above. NOTICE


===== PAGE 308 =====

The shift lever can freely operate. Depress the brake pedal and press the shift button while moving the shift lever. Press the shift button while moving the shift lever. Sports mode Automatic transmission operation The automatic transmission has 6 forward speeds (8 forward speeds, if equipped) and one reverse speed. The individual speeds are selected automatically in the D (Drive) position.


===== PAGE 309 =====

The indicator in the instrument cluster displays the shift lever position when the ignition switch is in the ON position. P (Park) Always come to a complete stop before shifting into P (Park). To shift from P (Park), you must depress firmly on the brake pedal and make sure your foot is off the accelerator pedal. If you have done all of the above and still cannot shift the lever out of P (Park), see "Shift-Lock Release" in this chapter. The shift lever must be in P (Park) before turning the engine off. To reduce the risk of serious injury or death: • ALWAYS check the surrounding areas near your vehicle for people, especially children, before shifting a vehicle into D (Drive) or R (Reverse). • Before leaving the driver’s seat, always make sure the shift lever is in the P (Park) position, then set the parking brake, and place the ignition switch in the LOCK/OFF position. Unexpected and sudden vehicle movement can occur if these precautions are not followed. • Do not use the engine brake (shifting from a high gear to lower gear) rapidly on slippery roads. The vehicle may slip causing an accident. WARNING • Shifting into P (Park) while the vehicle is in motion may cause you to lose control of the vehicle. • After the vehicle has stopped, always make sure the shift lever is in P (Park), apply the parking brake, and turn the engine off. • Do not use the P (Park) position in place of the parking brake. WARNING


===== PAGE 310 =====

R (Reverse) Use this position to drive the vehicle backward. Always come to a complete stop before shifting into or out of R (Reverse); you may damage the transaxle if you shift into R (Reverse) while the vehicle is in motion. N (Neutral) The wheels and transaxle are not engaged. Use N (Neutral) if you need to restart a stalled engine, or if it is necessary to stop with the engine ON. Shift into P (Park) if you need to leave your vehicle for any reason. Always depress the brake pedal when you are shifting from N (Neutral) to another gear. D (Drive) This is the normal driving position. The transaxle will automatically shift through a 6 (or 8)-gear sequence, providing the best fuel economy and power. For extra power when passing another vehicle or driving uphill, depress the accelerator fully. The transaxle will automatically downshift to the next lower gear (or gears, as appropriate). The DRIVE MODE switch, located on the shift lever console, allows the driver to switch from COMFORT mode to SPORT or ECO mode. (if equipped) For more information, refer to "Drive Mode Integrated Control System" later in this chapter. NOTICE Do not shift into gear unless your foot is firmly on the brake pedal. Shifting into gear when the engine is running at high speed can cause the vehicle to move very rapidly. You could lose control of the vehicle and hit people or objects. WARNING


===== PAGE 311 =====

Sports mode Whether the vehicle is stationary or in motion, sports mode is selected by pushing the shift lever from the D (Drive) position into the manual gate. To return to D (Drive) range operation, push the shift lever back into the main gate. In Sports Mode, moving the shift lever backwards and forwards will allow you to select the desired range of gears for the current driving conditions. + (Up) : Push the lever forward once to shift up one gear. - (Down) : Pull the lever backwards once to shift down one gear. Information • Only the 6 (or 8) forward gears can be selected. To reverse or park the vehicle, move the shift lever to the R (Reverse) or P (Park) position as required. • Downshifts are made automatically when the vehicle slows down. When gear is automat-the vehicle stops, 1st ically selected. • When the engine rpm approaches the red zone the transaxle will upshift automatically. • If the driver presses the lever to + (Up) or - (Down) position, the transaxle may not make the requested gear change if the next gear is outside of the allowable engine rpm range. The driver must execute upshifts in accordance with road conditions, taking care to keep the engine rpms below the red zone. • When driving on a slippery road, push the shift lever forward into the + (Up) position. This causes the transaxle to shift into the 2gearnd which is better for smooth driving on a slippery road. Push the shift lever to the - (Down) side to shift gear.back to the 1st OTLE055007R - (DOWN)


===== PAGE 312 =====

Shift-lock system For your safety, the automatic transaxle has a shift-lock system which prevents shifting the transaxle from P (Park) into R (Reverse) unless the brake pedal is depressed. To shift the transaxle from P (Park) into R (Reverse): 1. Depress and hold the brake pedal. 2. Start the engine or place the ignition switch in the ON position. 3. Move the shift lever. Shift-lock release If the shift lever cannot be moved from the P (Park) position into R (Reverse) position with the brake pedal depressed, continue depressing the brake, and then do the following: 1. Place the ignition switch in the LOCK/OFF position. 2. Apply the parking brake. 3. Carefully remove the cap (1) covering the shift-lock access hole. 4. Insert a tool (e.g. flathead screwdriver) into the access hole and press down on the tool. 5. Move the shift lever while holding down the screwdriver. 6. Remove the tool from the shiftlock release access hole then install the cap. 7. Depress the brake pedal, and then restart the engine. If you need to use the shift-lock release, we recommend that the system be inspected by an authorized HYUNDAI dealer immediately. OTLE059002R


===== PAGE 313 =====

Ignition key interlock system (if equipped) The ignition key cannot be removed unless the shift lever is in the P (Park) position. Parking Always come to a complete stop and continue to depress the brake pedal. Move the shift lever into the P (Park) position, apply the parking brake, and place the ignition switch in the LOCK/OFF position. Take the Key with you when exiting the vehicle. Good driving practices • Never move the shift lever from P (Park) or N (Neutral) to any other position with the accelerator pedal depressed. • Never move the shift lever into P (Park) when the vehicle is in motion. Be sure the vehicle is completely stopped before you attempt to shift into R (Reverse) or D (Drive). • Do not move the shift lever to N (Neutral) when driving. Doing so may result in an accident because of a loss of engine braking and the transaxle could be damaged. • Do not drive with your foot resting on the brake pedal. Even light, but consistent pedal pressure can result in the brakes overheating, brake wear and possibly even brake failure. • When driving in sports mode, slow down before shifting to a lower gear. Otherwise, the lower gear may not be engaged if the engine rpms are outside of the allowable range. When you stay in the vehicle with the engine running, be careful not to depress the accelerator pedal for a long period of time. The engine or exhaust system may overheat and start a fire. The exhaust gas and the exhaust system are very hot. Keep away from the exhaust system components. Do not stop or park over flammable materials, such as dry grass, paper or leaves. They may ignite and cause a fire. WARNING


===== PAGE 314 =====

• Always apply the parking brake when leaving the vehicle. Do not depend on placing the transaxle in P (Park) to keep the vehicle from moving. • Exercise extreme caution when driving on a slippery surface. Be especially careful when braking, accelerating or shifting gears. On a slippery surface, an abrupt change in vehicle speed can cause the drive wheels to lose traction and may cause loss of vehicle control resulting in an accident • Optimum vehicle performance and economy is obtained by smoothly depressing and releasing the accelerator. before pulling back into the travel lanes. • HYUNDAI recommends you follow all posted speed limits. To reduce the risk of SERIOUS INJURY or DEATH: • ALWAYS wear your seatbelt. In a collision, an unbelted occupant is significantly more likely to be seriously injured or killed than a properly belted occupant. • Avoid high speeds when cornering or turning. • Do not make quick steering wheel movements, such as sharp lane changes or fast, sharp turns. • The risk of rollover is greatly increased if you lose control of your vehicle at highway speeds. • Loss of control often occurs if two or more wheels drop off the roadway and the driver over steers to reenter the roadway. • In the event your vehicle leaves the roadway, do not steer sharply. Instead, slow down WARNING


===== PAGE 315 =====

Power brakes Your vehicle has power-assisted brakes that adjust automatically through normal usage. If the engine is not running or is turned off while driving, the power assist for the brakes will not work. You can still stop your vehicle by applying greater force to the brake pedal than typical. The stopping distance, however, will be longer than with power brakes. When the engine is not running, the reserve brake power is partially depleted each time the brake pedal is applied. Do not pump the brake pedal when the power assist has been interrupted. Pump the brake pedal only when necessary to maintain steering control on slippery surfaces. Take the following precautions: • Do not drive with your foot resting on the brake pedal. This will create abnormal high brake temperatures, excessive brake lining and pad wear, and increased stopping distances. • When descending a long or steep hill, shift to a lower gear and avoid continuous application of the brakes. Applying the brakes continuously will cause the brakes to overheat and could result in a temporary loss of braking performance. • Wet brakes may impair the vehiWARNING cle’s ability to safely slow down; the vehicle may also pull to one side when the brakes are applied. Applying the brakes lightly will indicate whether they have been affected in this way. Always test your brakes in this fashion after driving through deep water. To dry the brakes, lightly tap the brake pedal to heat up the brakes while maintaining a safe forward speed until brake performance returns to normal. Avoid driving at high speeds until the brakes function correctly.


===== PAGE 316 =====

Disc brakes wear indicator When your brake pads are worn and new pads are required, you will hear a high pitched warning sound from your front or rear brakes. You may hear this sound come and go or it may occur whenever you depress the brake pedal. Please remember some driving conditions or climates may cause a brake squeal when you first apply (or lightly apply) the brakes. This is normal and does not indicate a problem with your brakes. To avoid costly brake repairs, do not continue to drive with worn brake pads. Information Always replace brake pads as complete front or rear axle sets. Parking brake (if equipped) Applying the parking brake Hand type Always set the parking brake before leaving the vehicle, to apply: Firmly depress the brake pedal. Pull up the parking brake lever as far as possible. NOTICE To reduce the risk of SERIOUS INJURY or DEATH, do not operate the parking brake while the vehicle is moving except in an emergency situation. It could damage the brake system and lead to an accident. WARNING OTLE055011R


===== PAGE 317 =====

Releasing the parking brake Hand type To release: Firmly depress the brake pedal. Slightly pull up the parking brake lever. While pressing the release button (1), lower the parking brake (2). • Do not apply the accelerator pedal while the parking brake engaged. If you depress the accelerator pedal with the parking brake engaged, warning will sound. Damage to the parking brake may occur. • Driving with the parking brake on can overheat the braking system and cause premature wear or damage to brake parts. Make sure the parking brake is released and the Brake Warning Light is off before driving. NOTICE • Whenever leaving the vehicle or parking, always come to a complete stop. Move the shift lever into P (Park) position, then apply the parking brake, and place the ignition switch in the LOCK/OFF position. Vehicles with the parking brake not fully engaged are at risk for moving inadvertently and causing injury to yourself or others. • NEVER allow anyone who is unfamiliar with the vehicle to touch the parking brake. If the parking brake is released unintentionally, serious injury may occur. WARNING OTLE055013R


===== PAGE 318 =====

Check the Parking Brake Warning Light by placing the ignition switch to the ON position (do not start the engine). This light will be illuminated when the parking brake is applied with the ignition switch in the START or ON position. Before driving, be sure the parking brake is released and the Brake Warning Light is OFF. If the Parking Brake Warning Light remains on after the parking brake is released while engine is running, there may be a malfunction in the brake system. Immediate attention is necessary. If at all possible, cease driving the vehicle immediately. If that is not possible, use extreme caution while operating the vehicle and only continue to drive the vehicle until you can reach a safe location. Electronic Parking Brake (EPB) (if equipped) Applying the parking brake To apply the EPB (Electronic Parking Brake): 1. Depress the brake pedal. 2. Pull up the EPB switch. Make sure the Parking Brake Warning Light comes on. Also, the EPB is applied automatically if the [AUTO HOLD] switch is on when the engine is turned off. However, if you press the EPB switch within one second after the engine is turned off, the EPB will not be applied. OTLE058015R To reduce the risk of SERIOUS INJURY or DEATH, do not operate the EPB while the vehicle is moving except in an emergency situation. It could damage the brake system and lead to an accident. WARNING


===== PAGE 319 =====

Releasing the parking brake To release the EPB (Electronic Parking Brake), press the EPB switch in the following condition: • Place the Engine Start/Stop button in the ON position. • Depress the brake pedal. Make sure the Parking Brake Warning Light goes off. To release EPB (Electronic Parking Brake) automatically: • Shift lever in P (Park) With the engine running depress the brake pedal and shift out of P (Park) to R (Rear) or D (Drive). • Shift lever in N (Neutral) With the engine running depress the brake pedal and shift out of N (Neutral) to R (Rear) or D (Drive). 1. Start the engine. 2. Fasten the driver's seat belt. 3. Close the driver's door, engine hood and tailgate. 4. Depress the accelerator pedal while the shift lever is in R (Rear), D (Drive) or Sports mode. Make sure the Parking Brake Warning light goes off. Information • For your safety, you can engage the EPB even though the Engine Stop/Start button is in the OFF position, but you cannot release it. • For your safety, depress the brake pedal and release the parking brake manually with the EPB switch when you drive downhill or when backing up the vehicle. • If the parking brake warning light is still on even though the EPB has been released, we recommend that the system be checked by an authorized HYUNDAI dealer. • Do not drive your vehicle with the EPB applied. It may cause excessive brake pad and brake rotor wear. NOTICE OTLE058016R


===== PAGE 320 =====

When the EPB (Electronic Parking Brake) does not release: We recommend that you contact an authorized HYUNDAI dealer by loading the vehicle on a flatbed tow truck and have the system checked. EPB (Electronic Parking Brake) may be automatically applied when: • The EPB is overheated • It is requested by other systems • The engine is turned off with the EPB applied Information If the driver turns the engine off while Auto Hold is operating, EPB will be automatically applied. However, if you press the EPB switch within one second after the engine is turned off, the EPB will not be applied. Warning messages To release EPB, close the doors, hood and tailgate and fasten seatbelt • When you try to drive with the EPB applied, a warning will sound and a message will appear. • If the driver's seat belt is unfastened and the engine hood or tailgate is opened, a warning will sound and a message will appear. • When there is a problem with the vehicle, a warning may sound and a message may appear. If the situation occurs, depress the brake pedal and release EPB by pressing the EPB switch. • Whenever leaving the vehicle or parking, always come to a complete stop and continue to depress the brake pedal. Move the shift lever into the P (Park) position, press the EPB switch, and press the Engine Start/Stop button to the OFF position. Take the Smart Key with you when exiting the vehicle. Vehicles not fully engaged in P (Park) with the parking brake set are at risk for moving inadvertently and causing injury to yourself or others. • NEVER allow anyone who is unfamiliar with the vehicle to touch the EPB switch. If the EPB is released unintentionally, serious injury may occur. • Only release the EPB when you are seated inside the vehicle with your foot firmly on the brake pedal. WARNING OTLE058231


===== PAGE 321 =====

• Do not apply the accelerator pedal while the parking brake engaged. If you depress the accelerator pedal with the EPB engaged, a warning will sound and a message will appear. Damage to the parking brake may occur. • Driving with the parking brake on can overheat the braking system and cause premature wear or damage to brake parts. Make sure the EPB is released and the Parking Brake Warning Light is off before driving. Information • A clicking sound may be heard while operating or releasing the EPB. These conditions are normal and indicate that the EPB is functioning properly. • When leaving your keys with a parking attendant or assistant, make sure to inform him/her how to operate the EPB. Deactivating AUTO HOLD.. Press brake pedal When the conversion from Auto Hold to EPB is not working properly a warning will sound and a message will appear. Parking brake automatically applied If the EPB is applied while Auto Hold is activated, a warning will sound and a message will appear. NOTICE OTLE058241 OTLE058242


===== PAGE 322 =====

EPB malfunction indicator (if equipped) If the EPB malfunction indicator remains on, comes on while driving, or does not come on when the Engine Start/Stop button is changed to the ON position, this indicates that the EPB may have malfunctioned. If this occurs, we recommend that the system be checked by an authorized HYUNDAI dealer. The EPB malfunction indicator may illuminate when the ESC indicator comes on to indicate that the ESC is not working properly, but it does not indicate a malfunction of the EPB. • If the EPB warning light is still on, we recommend that the system be checked authorized HYUNDAI dealer. • If the parking brake warning light does not illuminate or blinks even though the EPB switch was pulled up, the EPB may not be applied. • If the parking brake warning light blinks when the EPB warning light is on, press the switch, and then pull it up. Repeat this one more time. If the EPB warning does not go off, we recommend that the system be checked by an authorized HYUNDAI dealer. Emergency braking If there is a problem with the brake pedal while driving, emergency braking is possible by pulling up and holding the EPB switch. Braking is possible only while you are holding the EPB switch. Information During emergency braking, the parking brake warning light will illuminate to indicate that the system is operating. NOTICE OTLE058017R Do not operate the parking brake while the vehicle is moving except in an emergency situation. It could damage the brake system and lead to a severe accident. WARNING


===== PAGE 323 =====

If you continuously notice a noise or burning smell when the EPB is used for emergency braking, we recommend that the system be checked by an authorized HYUNDAI dealer. When the EPB (Electronic Parking Brake) does not release If the EPB does not release normally, we recommend that you contact an authorized HYUNDAI dealer by loading the vehicle on a flatbed tow truck and have the system checked. AUTO HOLD (if equipped) This feature keeps the brake applied when the shift lever is in D (Drive), R (Reverse), N (Neutral) or Sports Mode with the feature enabled and when the brake pedal has been depressed to stop the vehicle. To apply : 1. With the driver's door, engine hood and tailgate closed, fasten the driver's seat belt or depress the brake pedal and then press the [AUTO HOLD] switch. The white AUTO HOLD indicator will come on and the system will be in the standby position. NOTICE OTLE055018R White


===== PAGE 324 =====

2. When you stop the vehicle completely by depressing the brake pedal, the AUTO HOLD indicator changes from white to green. 3. The vehicle will remain stationary even if you release the brake pedal. 4. If EPB is applied, Auto Hold will be released. To release : If you press the accelerator pedal with the shift lever in R (Reverse), D (Drive) or sports mode, the Auto Hold will be released automatically and the vehicle will start to move. The indicator changes from green to white. To cancel : 1. Depress the brake pedal. 2. Press the [AUTO HOLD] switch. The AUTO HOLD indicator will turn off. OTLE055019R White Green When the AUTO HOLD is automatically released by depressing the accelerator pedal, always take a look around your vehicle. Slowly depress the accelerator pedal for a smooth start. WARNING OTLE055020R Light off


===== PAGE 325 =====

Information • The Auto Hold does not operate when: - The driver's seat belt is unfastened and driver's door is opened - The engine hood is opened - The tailgate is opened - The shift lever is in P (Park) - The EPB is applied - The shift lever is in R (Reverse) • For your safety, the Auto Hold automatically switches to EPB when: - The driver's seat belt is unfastened and driver's door is opened - The engine hood is opened with the shift lever is in D (Drive) - The tailgate is opened with the shift lever is in R (Reverse) - The vehicle stops for more than 10 minutes - The vehicle stands on a steep slope - The vehicle moves several times In these cases, the brake warning light comes on, the AUTO HOLD indicator changes from green to white, and a warning sound and a message will appear to inform you that EPB has been automatically engaged. Before driving off again, press foot brake pedal, check the surrounding area near your vehicle and release parking brake manually with the EPB switch. • If the AUTO HOLD indicator changes to yellow, the Auto Hold is not working properly. We recommend that you contact an authorized HYUNDAI dealer. • While operating Auto Hold, you may hear mechanical noise. However, it is normal operating noise. To prevent, unexpected and sudden vehicle movement, ALWAYS press your foot on the brake pedal to cancel the Auto Hold before you: - Drive downhill. - Drive the vehicle in R (Reverse). - Park the vehicle. WARNING


===== PAGE 326 =====

If there is a malfunction with the driver’s door, engine hood or trunk open detection system, the Auto Hold may not work properly. We recommend that you contact an authorized HYUNDAI dealer. Warning messages Parking brake automatically applied When the EPB is applied from Auto Hold, a warning will sound and a message will appear. Deactivating AUTO HOLD.. Press brake pedal When the conversion from Auto Hold to EPB is not working properly a warning will sound and a message will appear. When this message is displayed, the Auto Hold and EPB may not operate. For your safety, depress the brake pedal. NOTICE NOTICE • Press the accelerator pedal slowly when you start the vehicle. • For your safety, cancel the Auto Hold when you drive downhill, back up the vehicle or park the vehicle. WARNING OTLE058242 OTLE058241


===== PAGE 327 =====

Press brake pedal to deactivate AUTO HOLD If you did not apply the brake pedal when you release the Auto Hold by pressing the [AUTO HOLD] switch, a warning will sound and a message will appear. AUTO HOLD conditions not met. Close door, hood, tailgate; fasten seatbelt When you press the [AUTO HOLD] switch, if the driver’s door, engine hood and tailgate are not closed or the driver’s seat belt is unfastened, a warning will sound and a message will appear on the LCD display. At this moment, press the [AUTO HOLD] button after closing the driver’s door, engine hood and tailgate and fastening the seat belt. Anti-lock Brake System (ABS) OLF054127N An Anti-Lock Braking System (ABS) or an Electronic Stability Control (ESC) system will not prevent accidents due to improper or dangerous driving maneuvers. Even though vehicle control is improved during emergency braking, always maintain a safe distance between you and objects ahead of you. Vehicle speeds should always be reduced during extreme road conditions. The braking distance for cars equipped with ABS or ESC may be longer than for those without these systems in the following road conditions. • Drive your vehicle at reduced speeds during the following conditions: • Rough, gravel or snow-covered roads. • On roads where the road surWARNING OTLE058235


===== PAGE 328 =====

ABS is an electronic braking system that helps prevent a braking skid. ABS allows the driver to steer and brake at the same time. Using ABS To obtain the maximum benefit from your ABS in an emergency situation, do not attempt to modulate your brake pressure and do not try to pump your brakes. Depress your brake pedal as hard as possible. When you apply your brakes under conditions which may lock the wheels, you may hear sounds from the brakes, or feel a corresponding sensation in the brake pedal. This is normal and it means your ABS is active. ABS does not reduce the time or distance it takes to stop the vehicle. Always maintain a safe distance from the vehicle in front of you. ABS will not prevent a skid that results from sudden changes in direction, such as trying to take a corner too fast or making a sudden lane change. Always drive at a safe speed for the road and weather conditions. ABS cannot prevent a loss of stability. Always steer moderately when braking hard. Severe or sharp steering wheel movement can still cause your vehicle to veer into oncoming traffic or off the road. On loose or uneven road surfaces, operation of the anti-lock brake system may result in a longer stopping distance than for vehicles equipped with a conventional brake system. The ABS warning light ( ) will stay on for several seconds after the Engine Start/Stop button is in the ON position. During that time, the ABS will go through self-diagnosis and the light will go off if everything is normal. If the light stays on, you may have a problem with your ABS. We recommend that you contact an authorized HYUNDAI dealer as soon as possible. face is pitted or has different surface height. • Tire chains are installed on your vehicle. The safety features of an ABS or ESC equipped vehicle should not be tested by high speed driving or cornering. This could endanger the safety of yourself or others.


===== PAGE 329 =====

When you drive on a road having poor traction, such as an icy road, and apply your brakes continuously, the ABS will be active continuously and the ABS warning light ( ) may illuminate. Pull your car over to a safe place and turn the engine off. Restart the engine. If the ABS warning light is off, then your ABS system is normal. Otherwise, you may have a problem with your ABS system. We recommend that you contact an authorized HYUNDAI dealer as soon as possible. Information When you jump start your vehicle because of a drained battery, the ABS warning light ( ) may turn on at the same time. This happens because of the low battery voltage. It does not mean your ABS is malfunctioning. Have the battery recharged before driving the vehicle. Electronic Stability Control (ESC) The Electronic Stability Control (ESC) system helps to stabilize the vehicle during cornering maneuvers. ESC checks where you are steering and where the vehicle is actually going. ESC applies braking pressure to any one of the vehicle’s brakes and intervenes in the engine management system to assist the driver with keeping the vehicle on the intended path. It is not a substitute for safe driving practices. Always adjust your speed and driving to the road conditions. NOTICE If the ABS warning light ( ) is on and stays on, you may have a problem with the ABS. Your power brakes will work normally. To reduce the risk of serious injury or death, we recommend that you contact your HYUNDAI dealer as soon as possible. WARNING OTLE058021


===== PAGE 330 =====

ESC operation ESC ON condition When the ignition switch is in the ON position, the ESC and the ESC OFF indicator lights illuminate for approximately three seconds and goes off, then the ESC is turned on. When operating When the ESC is in operation, the ESC indicator light blinks: • When you apply your brakes under conditions which may lock the wheels, you may hear sounds from the brakes, or feel a corresponding sensation in the brake pedal. This is normal and it means your ESC is active. • When the ESC activates, the engine may not respond to the accelerator as it does under routine conditions. • If the Cruise Control was in use when the ESC activates, the Cruise Control automatically disengages. The Cruise Control can be reengaged when the road conditions allow. See "Cruise Control System" later in this chapter. (if equipped) • When moving out of the mud or driving on a slippery road, the engine rpm (revolutions per minute) may not increase even if you press the accelerator pedal deeply. This is to maintain the stability and traction of the vehicle and does not indicate a problem. Never drive too fast for the road conditions or too quickly when cornering. The ESC system will not prevent accidents. Excessive speed in turns, abrupt maneuvers, and hydroplaning on wet surfaces can result in severe accidents. WARNING


===== PAGE 331 =====

ESC OFF condition To cancel ESC operation : • State 1 Press the ESC OFF button shortly (ESC OFF indicator light and message illuminates). At this state, the engine control function does not operate. The traction control function does not operate but only the brake control function operates. • State 2 Press the ESC OFF button for more than 3 seconds. ESC OFF indicator light and message illuminates and ESC OFF warning chime will sound. At this state, the engine control function and brake control function does not operate. The vehicle stability control function does not operate any more. If the ignition switch is placed to the LOCK/OFF position when ESC is off, ESC remains off. Upon restarting the engine, the ESC will automatically turn on again. Indicator lights When the ignition switch is pressed to the ON position, the ESC indicator light illuminates, then goes off if the ESC system is operating normally. The ESC indicator light blinks whenever the ESC is operating. If ESC indicator light stays on, your vehicle may have a malfunction with the ESC system. When this warning light illuminates we recommend that the vehicle be checked by an authorized HYUNDAI dealer as soon as possible. Type A■ Type B■ OLF054439N/OLF054101N Type A■ Type B■ OTLE055030/OTLE055140 ESC indicator light (blinks)■ ESC OFF indicator light (comes on)■


===== PAGE 332 =====

The ESC OFF indicator light comes on when the ESC is turned off with the button. Driving with tires or wheels in various sizes may fail the normal operation of the ESC system. Before replacing tires, make sure they are in the same size as others. Never drive the vehicle, which is installed with the tires of different diameters. ESC OFF usage When Driving The ESC OFF mode should only be used briefly to help free the vehicle if stuck in snow or mud by temporarily stopping operation of the ESC to maintain wheel torque. To turn ESC off while driving, press the ESC OFF button while driving on a flat road surface. To prevent damage to the transaxle: • Do not allow wheel(s) of one axle to spin excessively while the ESC, ABS, and parking brake warning lights are displayed. The repairs would not be covered by the vehicle warranty. Reduce engine power and do not spin the wheel(s) excessively while these lights are displayed. • When operating the vehicle on a dynamometer, make sure the ESC is turned off (ESC OFF light illuminated). Information Turning the ESC off does not affect ABS or standard brake system operation. NOTICE NOTICE When the ESC is blinking, this indicates the ESC is active: Drive slowly and NEVER attempt to accelerate. NEVER turn the ESC off while the ESC indicator light is blinking or you may lose control of the vehicle resulting in an accident. WARNING


===== PAGE 333 =====

Vehicle Stability Management (VSM) Vehicle Stability Management (VSM) helps ensure the vehicle stays stable when accelerating or braking suddenly on wet, slippery and rough roads where traction over the four tires can suddenly become uneven. VSM operation VSM ON condition The VSM operates when: • The Electronic Stability Control (ESC) is on. • Vehicle speed is approximately above 15 km/h (9 mph) on curve roads. • Vehicle speed is approximately above 20 km/h (12 mph) when the vehicle is braking on rough roads. When operating When you apply your brakes under conditions which may activate the ESC, you may hear sounds from the brakes, or feel a corresponding sensation in the brake pedal. This is normal and it means your VSM is active. Information The VSM does not operate when: • Driving on bank road such as gradient or incline • Driving rearward. ESC OFF indicator light is on.• • EPS (Electronic Power Steering) warning light ( ) is on. Take the following precautions when using the Vehicle Stability Management (VSM): • ALWAYS check the speed and the distance to the vehicle ahead. The VSM is not a substitute for safe driving practices. • Never drive too fast for the road conditions. The VSM system will not prevent accidents. Excessive speed in bad weather, slippery and uneven roads can result in severe accidents. WARNING


===== PAGE 334 =====

VSM OFF condition To cancel VSM operation, press the ESC OFF button. ESC OFF indicator light ( ) will illuminate. To turn on VSM, press the ESC OFF button again. The ESC OFF indicator light will go out. Driving with varying tire or wheel sizes may cause the ESC system to malfunction. When replacing tires, make sure they are the same size as your original tires for this vehicle. Hill-Start Assist Control (HAC) A vehicle has the tendency to slide backwards on a steep slope, before depressing the accelerator after a stop. The HAC prevents the vehicle from sliding backwards by automatically operating the brake systems for about 2 seconds. The brake systems are automatically released, when the accelerator pedal is depressed. Information • The HAC does not operate when the shift lever is in P (Park) or N (Neutral) • The HAC activates even when the ESC (Electronic Stability Control) is off. However, it does not activate, when the ESC does not normally operate. Downhill Brake Control (DBC) The Downhill Brake Control (DBC) supports the driver come down a steep hill without depressing the brake pedal. NOTICE If ESC indicator light ( ) or EPS warning light ( ) stays on, your vehicle may have a malfunction with the VSM system. When the warning light illuminates we recommend that the vehicle be checked authorized HYUNDAI dealer as soon as possible. WARNING The HAC is activated only for about 2 seconds, so always depress the accelerator pedal to begin driving upwards after a stop. WARNING  Type A■ OTLE055022R Type B■


===== PAGE 335 =====

It slows down the vehicle under 8 km/h (5 mph) and lets the driver concentrate on steering the vehicle. • The DBC defaults to the OFF position whenever the ignition switch is placed in the ON position. • Noise or vibration may occur from the brakes when the DBC is activated. • The rear stop light comes on when DBC is activated. DBC operation NOTICE Always turn off the DBC on normal roads. The DBC might activate inadvertently from the standby mode when driving through speed bumps or making sharp curves. WARNING Standby Press the DBC button when vehicle speed is under 40km/h (25mph). The DBC system will turn ON and enter the standby mode. The system does not turn ON if vehicle speed is over 40km/h (25mph). In the standby mode, if vehicle speed is under 35km/h (22mph) while driving down a steep hill, the DBC will activate automatically. In the activated mode, the DBC will temporarily deactivate under the following conditions: • The hill is not steep enough. • The brake pedal or accelerator pedal is depressed. If the above conditions are gone, the DBC will automatically activate again. The DBC will turn OFF under the following conditions: • The DBC button is pressed again. • Vehicle speed is over 60km/h (38mph). Activated Temporarily deactivated OFF Mode Indicator light Description blinks illuminated not illuminated illuminated


===== PAGE 336 =====

• The DBC may not deactivate on steep inclines even though the brake or accelerator pedal is depressed. • The DBC does not operate when: - The shift lever is in P (Park). - The ESC is activated. Good braking practices Wet brakes can be dangerous! The brakes may get wet if the vehicle is driven through standing water or if it is washed. Your vehicle will not stop as quickly if the brakes are wet. Wet brakes may cause the vehicle to pull to one side. To dry the brakes, apply the brakes lightly until the braking action returns to normal, taking care to keep the vehicle under control at all times. If the braking action does not return to normal, stop as soon as it is safe to do so and we recommend that you call an authorized HYUNDAI dealer for assistance. DO NOT drive with your foot resting on the brake pedal. Even light, but constant pedal pressure can result in the brakes overheating, brake wear, and possibly even brake failure. If a tire goes flat while you are driving, apply the brakes gently and keep the vehicle pointed straight ahead while you slow down. When you are moving slowly enough for it to be safe to do so, pull off the road and stop in a safe location. Keep your foot firmly on the brake pedal when the vehicle is stopped to prevent the vehicle from rolling forward. NOTICE If the DBC red indicator light illuminates, the system may have overheated or have malfunctioned. When the warning light illuminates even though the DBC system has cooled off, we recommend that the vehicle be checked by an authorized HYUNDAI dealer as soon as possible. WARNING Whenever leaving the vehicle or parking, always come to a complete stop and continue to depress the brake pedal. Move the shift lever into the P (Park) position, then apply the parking brake, and place the Engine Start/Stop button in the OFF position. Vehicles with the parking brake not fully engaged are at risk for moving inadvertently and causing injury to yourself or others. WARNING


===== PAGE 337 =====

The Four Wheel Drive (4WD) System delivers engine power to all front and rear wheels for maximum traction. 4WD is useful when extra traction is required on roads such slippery, muddy, wet, or snow-covered roads. Occasional off-road use such as established unpaved roads and trails are OK. It is always important that the driver carefully reduces the speed to a level that does not exceed the safe operating speed for those conditions. Do not drive in water if the level is• higher than the bottom of the vehicle. • Check your brake condition once you are out of mud or water. Depress the brake pedal several times as you move slowly until you feel normal braking return. • Shorten your scheduled maintenance interval if you drive in offroad conditions such as sand, mud or water (see "Maintenance Under Severe Usage Conditions" in chapter 7). • Always wash your vehicle thoroughly after off road use, especially the bottom of the vehicle. • Be sure to equip the vehicle with four tires of the same size and type. • Make sure that a full time 4WD vehicle is towed by a flat bed tow truck. NOTICE To reduce the risk of SERIOUS INJURY or DEATH: • Do not drive in conditions that exceed the vehicles intended design such as challenging offroad conditions. • Avoid high speeds when cornering or turning. • Do not make quick steering wheel movements, such as sharp lane changes or fast, sharp turns. • The risk of a rollover is greatly increased if you lose control of your vehicle at highway speeds. • Loss of control often occurs if two or more wheels drop off the roadway and the driver over steers to reenter the roadway. • In the event your vehicle leaves the roadway, do not steer sharply. Instead, slow down before pulling back into the travel lanes. WARNING


===== PAGE 338 =====

4WD operation • The main goal of 4WD Lock mode is to allow a driver to maximize the vehicle’s traction under extreme driving conditions such as unpaved off-road, sandy roads, and muddy roads. • 4WD Lock mode is in operation only when a vehicle travels at 60 km/h or less. When traveling at 60 km/h or faster, the mode will switch to 4WD Auto. • When 4WD Lock mode illuminates, the cluster does not display the front/rear wheel traction force distribution status. • Press the 4WD Lock mode switch again to switch back to 4WD Auto. 4WD AUTO (4WD LOCK is deactivated) (not illuminated) Transfer mode Selection button Indicator light Description • 4WD Auto is used when driving on roads in normal conditions, roads in urban areas, and on highways. • All wheels are in operation when a vehicle travels at a constant speed. Required tractions applying on front and rear wheels vary depending on road driving conditions and driving conditions, which will be automatically controlled by the computing system. • When the cluster's 4WD Auto display mode is selected, the cluster displays the status of how four wheels’ traction forces are distributed. 4WD LOCK Four Wheel Drive (4WD) mode selection If 4WD warning light ( ) stays on the instrument cluster, your vehicle may have a malfunction with the 4WD system. When the 4WD warning light ( ) illuminates we recommend that the vehicle be checked by an authorized HYUNDAI dealer as soon as possible. WARNING (illuminated)


===== PAGE 339 =====

• Maintain 4WD Auto mode when driving on roads in normal conditions. • When driving under normal road conditions (especially when cornering) in 4WD Lock mode, a driver may find minor mechanical vibration or noise, which is extremely normal phenomenon, not a malfunction. When 4WD Lock mode is released, such noise or vibration will be immediately gone. When the 4WD LOCK mode is deactivated, a sensation may be felt as the driving power is delivered entirely to the front wheels. For safe 4WD operation Before driving • Make sure all passengers are wearing seat belts. • Sit upright and closer to the steering wheel than usual. Adjust the steering wheel to a position comfortable for you to drive. Driving on snow-covered or icy roads • Start off slowly by applying the accelerator pedal gently. • Use snow tires or tire chains. • Keep sufficient distance between your vehicle and the vehicle in front of you. • Use engine braking during deceleration. • Avoid speeding, rapid acceleration, sudden brake applications, and sharp turns to prevent skids. NOTICE NOTICE When driving on normal roads, deactivate the 4WD LOCK mode by pushing the 4WD LOCK button (4WD LOCK indicator light goes off). Driving on normal roads with the 4WD LOCK mode, especially, when cornering may cause mechanical noise or vibration. The noise and vibration will disappear when the 4WD LOCK mode is deactivated. Prolong driving with the noise and vibration may damage some parts of the power train. CAUTION


===== PAGE 340 =====

Driving in sand or mud • Maintain slow and constant speed. • Use tire chains driving in mud if necessary. • Keep sufficient distance between your vehicle and the vehicle in front of you. • Reduce vehicle speed and always check the road condition. • Avoid speeding, rapid acceleration, sudden brake applications, and sharp turns to prevent getting stuck. Driving up or down hills • Driving uphill - Before starting off, check if it is possible to drive uphill. - Drive as straight as possible. • Driving downhill - Do not change gear while driving downhill. Select gear before driving downhill. - Driveas slowly using engine braking while driving downhill. - Drive straight as possible. When the vehicle is stuck in snow, sand or mud, place a non-slip material under the drive wheels to provide traction OR Slowly spin the wheels in forward and reverse directions which causes a rocking motion that may free the vehicle. However, avoid running the engine continuously at high rpm, doing so may damage the 4WD system. CAUTION OLMB053017 Exercise extreme caution driving up or down steep hills. The vehicle may flip depending on the grade, terrain and water/ mud conditions. WARNING


===== PAGE 341 =====

Driving through water • Try to avoid driving in deep standing water. It may stall your engine and clog your exhaust pipes. • If you need to drive in water, stop your vehicle, set the vehicle in 4WD LOCK mode and drive under 8 km/h (5mph). • Do not change gear while driving in water. Additional driving conditions • Become familiar with the off-road conditions before driving. • Always pay attention when driving off-road and avoid dangerous areas. • Drive slowly when driving in heavy wind. • Reduce vehicle speed when cornering. The center of gravity of 4WD vehicles is higher than conventional 2WD vehicles, making them more likely to roll over when you rapidly turn corners. OLMB053018 Do not drive across the contour of steep hills. A slight change in the wheel angle can destabilize the vehicle, or a stable vehicle may lose stability if the vehicle stops its forward motion. Your vehicle may roll over and lead to a serious injury or death. WARNING Always drive slowly in water. If you drive too fast, water may get into the engine compartment and wet the ignition system causing your vehicle to suddenly stop. CAUTION


===== PAGE 342 =====

• Always hold the steering wheel firmly when you are driving offroad. Emergency precautions Tires Do not use tire and wheel with different size and type from the one originally installed on your vehicle. It can affect the safety and performance of your vehicle, which could lead to steering failure or rollover causing serious injury. When replacing the tires, be sure to equip all four tires with the tire and wheel of the same size, type, tread, brand and load-carrying capacity. If you equip your vehicle with any tire/wheel combination not recommended by HYUNDAI for off-road driving, you should not use these tires for highway driving. Towing 4WD vehicles must be towed with a wheel lift and dollies or flatbed equipment with all the wheels off the ground. For more information, refer to "Towing" in chapter 6. Dynamometer testing A full-time 4WD vehicle must be tested on a special four wheel chassis dynamometer. OTLE055003 Do not grab the inside of the steering wheel when you are driving off-road. You may hurt your arm by a sudden steering maneuver or from steering wheel rebound due to an impact with objects on the ground. You could lose control of the steering wheel which may lead to serious injury or death. WARNING Never start or run the engine while a full-time 4WD vehicle is raised on a jack. The vehicle can slip or roll off a jack causing serious injury or death to you or those nearby. WARNING


===== PAGE 343 =====

A full-time 4WD vehicle should not be tested on a 2WD roll tester. If a 2WD roll tester must be used, perform the following procedure: 1.Check the tire pressures recommended for your vehicle. 2.Place the front wheels on the roll tester for a speedometer test as shown in the illustration. 3.Release the parking brake. 4.Place the rear wheels on the temporary free roller as shown in the illustration. Reducing the risk of a rollover This multi-purpose passenger vehicle is defined as a Sports Utility Vehicle (SUV). SUV’s have higher ground clearance and a narrower track to make them capable of performing in a wide variety of off-road applications. Specific design characteristics give them a higher center of gravity than ordinary vehicles. An advantage of the higher ground clearance is a better view of the road, which allows you to anticipate problems. They are not designed for cornering at the same speeds as conventional passenger vehicles, any more than low-slung sports cars are designed to perform satisfactorily in off-road conditions. Due to this risk, driver and passengers are strongly recommended to buckle their seat belts. In a rollover crash, an unbelted person is more likely to die than a person wearing a seat belt. There are steps that a driver can make to reduce the risk of a rollover. If at all possible, avoid sharp turns or abrupt maneuvers, do not load your roof rack with heavy cargo, and never modify your vehicle in any way. OTLE058117 Roll Tester (Speedometer) Temporary Free Roller • Never engage the parking brake while performing the test. • When the vehicle is lifted up, do not operate the front and rear wheel separately. All four wheels should be operated. CAUTION Keep away from the front of the vehicle while the vehicle is in gear on the dynamometer. The vehicle can jump forward and cause serious injury or death. WARNING


===== PAGE 344 =====

Rollover As with other Sports Utility Vehicle (SUV), failure to operate this vehicle correctly may result in loss of control, an accident or vehicle rollover. • Utility vehicles have a significantly higher rollover rate than other types of vehicles. • Specific design characteristics (higher ground clearance, narrower track, etc.) give this vehicle a higher center of gravity than ordinary vehicles. • A SUV is not designed for cornering at the same speeds as conventional vehicles. • Avoid sharp turns or abrupt maneuvers. • In a rollover crash, an unbelted person is significantly more likely to die than a person wearing a seat belt. Make sure everyone in the vehicle is properly buckled WARNING Your vehicle is equipped with tires designed to provide safe ride and handling capability. Do not use a size and type of tire and wheel that is different from the one that is originally installed on your vehicle. It can affect the safety and performance of your vehicle, which could lead to steering failure or rollover and serious injury. When replacing the tires, be sure to equip all four tires with the tire and wheel of the same size, type, tread, brand and load-carrying capacity. If you nevertheless decide to equip your vehicle with any tire/wheel combination not recommended by HYUNDAI for off road driving, you should not use these tires for highway driving. WARNING Jacked vehicle While a full-time 4WD vehicle is being raised on a jack, never start the engine or cause the tires to rotate. There is a danger that rotating tires touching the ground could cause the vehicle to fall off the jack and to jump forward or rearward. WARNING


===== PAGE 345 =====

The flex steering wheel controls the steering effort in accordance with the driver’s preference and road conditions. The driver can select a desired steering effort by pressing the steering mode button. The steering mode options appear on the LCD display, when the driver presses the steering mode button. Press the steering mode button within 4 seconds to scroll through the steering mode options. If the steering mode button is not pressed within 4 seconds, the LCD display will change to the previous screen. Normal mode The normal steering mode offers normal steering effort. OTLE058125 OTLE058126


===== PAGE 346 =====

Sport mode The sport steering mode offers high steering effort, making the wheel steering heavier. The sport steering mode is often used for driving on a highway. • When the driver presses the steering mode button while driving, it changes the steering mode option on the LCD display. However, it does not immediately change the steering effort for your safety. Upon completing the wheel steering, the steering tension is automatically set to the selected mode. • Pay great caution while changing through modes, when the vehicle is in motion. • The flex steering wheel does not operate, when the Electronic Power Steering (EPS) does not properly operate. CAUTION OTLE058128


===== PAGE 347 =====

The drive mode may be selected according to the driver's preference or road condition. The system resets to be in the COMFORT mode (except for ECO mode), when the engine is restarted. Information If there is a problem with the instrument cluster, the drive mode will be in COMFORT mode and may not change to ECO mode or SPORT mode. The mode changes, as below, whenever the DRIVE MODE button is pressed. When COMFORT mode is selected, it is not displayed on the instrument cluster. ECO mode (if equipped) The ECO mode is a guidance for fuel efficient driving. • When the ECO mode is selected by pressing the DRIVE MODE button, the ECO indicator (green color) will illuminate. • Restarting of the engine in the ECO mode resets the DRIVE mode to the ECO mode. Information Fuel efficiency depends on the driver's driving habit and road condition. OTLE055130R Type A■  Type B■ COMFORT SPORT ECO (if equipped)


===== PAGE 348 =====

When the ECO mode is activated: • The acceleration response may be slightly reduced as the accelerator pedal is depressed moderately. • The air conditioner performance may be limited. • The shift pattern of the automatic transaxle may change. • The engine noise may get louder. The above situations are normal conditions when the ECO mode is activated to improve fuel efficiency. Limitation of the ECO mode operation: If the following conditions occur while the ECO mode is operating, the system operation is limited even though there is no change in the ECO indicator. • When the coolant temperature is low: The system will be limited until engine performance becomes normal. • When driving up a hill: The system will be limited to gain power when driving uphill because engine torque is restricted. • When using the automatic transaxle Sports mode: The system will be limited according to the shift location. • When the accelerator pedal is deeply depressed for a few seconds: The system will be limited, judging that the driver wants to speed up. SPORT mode SPORT mode manages the driving dynamics by automatically adjusting the steering wheel, engine and transaxle system. • When the SPORT mode is selected by pressing the DRIVE MODE button, the SPORT indicator (yellow color) will illuminate. • Restarting of the engine in the SPORT mode resets the DRIVE mode to the COMFORT mode. Thus, when necessary, reselect the SPORT mode. • When the SPORT mode is activat- - The RPM (revolutions per minutes) level is maintained over a certain length of time, even after releasing the accelerator. - Up-shifting timing is delayed, while accelerating. Information In the SPORT mode, the fuel efficiency may decrease.


===== PAGE 349 =====

Cruise Control operation 1. CRUISE indicator 2. Set speed Cruise Control system allows you to drive at speeds above 30 km/h (20 mph) without depressing the accelerator pedal. Information • During normal Cruise Control operation, when the SET switch is activated or reactivated after applying the brakes, the Cruise Control will energize after approximately 3 seconds. This delay is normal. • To activate Cruise Control, depress the brake pedal at least once after turning the ignition switch to the ON position or starting the engine. This is to check if the brake switch which is important part to cancel Cruise Control is in normal condition. Take the following precautions: • If Cruise Control is left on, (CRUISE indicator light in the instrument cluster is illuminated) Cruise Control can be activated unintentionally. Keep Cruise Control system off (CRUISE indicator light OFF) when Cruise Control is not in use, to avoid inadvertently setting a speed. • Use Cruise Control system only when traveling on open highways in good weather. • Do not use Cruise Control when towing a trailer. • Do not use Cruise Control when it may be unsafe to keep the vehicle at a constant speed: - Driving in heavy or varying speed traffic. - On slippery (rainy, icy or snow covered) roads. - Hilly or winding roads. - Very windy areas. - When driving with limited view (possibly due to bad weather such as fog, snow, rain and sandstorm) WARNING OTLE058227


===== PAGE 350 =====

Cruise Control switch CANCEL/O : Cancels Cruise Control operation. CRUISE / : Turns Cruise Control system on or off. RES+: Resumes or increases Cruise Control speed. SET-: Sets or decreases Cruise Control speed. To set Cruise Control speed 1. Press the CRUISE / button on the steering wheel to turn the system on. The CRUISE indicator will illuminate. 2. Accelerate to the desired speed, which must be more than 30 km/h (20 mph). 3. Push the switch down (SET-), and release it. The set speed on the LCD display will illuminate. 4. Release the accelerator pedal. Information On a steep slope, the vehicle may slightly slow down or speed up, while driving uphill or downhill. OTLE055055


===== PAGE 351 =====

To increase Cruise Control speed • Push the switch (1) up (RES+) and hold it, while monitoring the SET speed on the instrument cluster. Release the switch when the desired speed is shown and the vehicle will accelerate to that speed. • Push the switch (1) up (RES+) and release it immediately. The cruising speed will increase 1.0 km/h (1.0 mph) each time the lever is operated in this manner. • Depress the accelerator pedal. When the vehicle attains the desired speed, push the switch (1) down (SET-). To decrease Cruise Control speed • Push the switch (1) down (SET-) and hold it. Your vehicle will gradually slow down. Release the lever at the speed you want to maintain. • Push the switch (1) down (SET-) and release it immediately. The cruising speed will decrease 1.0 km/h (1.0 mph) each time the lever is operated in this manner. • Lightly tap the brake pedal. When the vehicle attains the desired speed, push the switch (1) down (SET-). To temporarily accelerate with Cruise Control ON Depress the accelerator pedal. When you take your foot off the accelerator, the vehicle will return to the previously set speed. If you push the switch down (SET-) at the increased speed, Cruise Control will maintain the increased speed.


===== PAGE 352 =====

Cruise Control will be canceled when: • Depressing the brake pedal. • Pressing the CANCEL / O button located on the steering wheel. • Pressing the CRUISE / button. Both the CRUISE indicator and the SET speed will disappear on the LCD. • Moving the shift lever into N (Neutral). • Decreasing the vehicle speed lower than the speed by 20 km/h (12 mph). • Decreasing the vehicle speed to less than approximately 30 km/h (20 mph). • The ESC (Electronic Stability Control) is operating. • Downshifting to the 2gear innd Sports Mode. Information Each of the above actions will cancel Cruise Control operation (the set speed on the instrument cluster will go off), but only pressing the CRUISE button will turn the system off. If you wish to resume Cruise Control operation, push the switch up (RES+) located on your steering wheel. You will return to your previously preset speed, unless the system was turned off using the CRUISE button. To resume preset Cruising speed Push the switch (1) up (RES+). If the vehicle speed is over 30 km/h (20 mph), the vehicle will resume the preset speed.


===== PAGE 353 =====

To turn Cruise Control off • Press the CRUISE / button (the CRUISE indicator light will go off). • Turn the engine OFF.


===== PAGE 354 =====

Hazardous driving conditions When hazardous driving elements are encountered such as water, snow, ice, mud and sand, take the bellow suggestions: • Drive cautiously and keep a longer braking distance. • Avoid abrupt braking or steering. • When your vehicle is stuck in snow, mud, or sand, use the second gear. Accelerate slowly to avoid unnecessary wheel spinning. • Put sand, rock salt, tire chains or other non-slip materials under the wheels to provide additional traction while being stuck in ice, snow, or mud. Rocking the vehicle If it is necessary to rock the vehicle to free it from snow, sand, or mud, first turn the steering wheel right and left to clear the area around your front wheels. Then, shift back and forth between R (Reverse) and a forward gear. Try to avoid spinning the wheels, and do not race the engine. To prevent transaxle wear, wait until the wheels stop spinning before shifting gears. Release the accelerator pedal while shifting, and press lightly on the accelerator pedal while the transaxle is in gear. Slowly spinning the wheels in forward and reverse directions causes a rocking motion that may free the vehicle. Downshifting with an automatic transaxle while driving on slippery surfaces can cause an accident. The sudden change in tire speed could cause the tires to skid. Be careful when downshifting on slippery surfaces. WARNING If the tires spin at high speed the tires can explode, and you or others may be injured. Do not attempt this procedure if people or objects are anywhere near the vehicle. The vehicle can overheat causing an engine compartment fire or other damage. Spin the wheels as little as possible and avoid spinning the wheels at speeds over 56 km/h (35 mph) as indicated on the speedometer. WARNING


===== PAGE 355 =====

Information The ESC system (if equipped) must be turned OFF before rocking the vehicle. If you are still stuck after rocking the vehicle a few times, have the vehicle pulled out by a tow vehicle to avoid engine overheating, possible damage to the transaxle, and tire damage. See "Towing" in chapter 6. Smooth cornering Avoid braking or gear changing in corners, especially when roads are wet. Ideally, corners should always be taken under gentle acceleration. Driving at night Night driving presents more hazards than driving in the daylight. Here are some important tips to remember: • Slow down and keep more distance between you and other vehicles, as it may be more difficult to see at night, especially in areas where there may not be any street lights. • Adjust your mirrors to reduce the glare from other driver's headlamps. • Keep your headlamps clean and properly aimed. Dirty or improperly aimed headlamps will make it much more difficult to see at night. • Avoid staring directly at the headlamps of oncoming vehicles. You could be temporarily blinded, and it will take several seconds for your eyes to readjust to the darkness. Driving in the rain Rain and wet roads can make driving dangerous. Here are a few things to consider when driving in the rain or on slick pavement: • Slow down and allow extra following distance. A heavy rainfall makes it harder to see and increases the distance needed to stop your vehicle. • Turn OFF your Cruise Control. (if equipped) • Replace your windshield wiper blades when they show signs of streaking or missing areas on the windshield. • Be sure your tires have enough tread. If your tires do not have enough tread, making a quick stop on wet pavement can cause a skid and possibly lead to an accident. See "Tire replacement" in chapter • Turn on your headlamps to make it easier for others to see you. • Driving too fast through large puddles can affect your brakes. If you must go through puddles, try to drive through them slowly. NOTICE


===== PAGE 356 =====

• If you believe your brakes may be wet, apply them lightly while driving until normal braking operation returns. Hydroplaning If the road is wet enough and you are going fast enough, your vehicle may have little or no contact with the road surface and actually ride on the water. The best advice is SLOW DOWN when the road is wet. The risk of hydroplaning increases as the depth of tire tread decreases, refer to "Tire replacement" in chapter Driving in flooded areas Avoid driving through flooded areas unless you are sure the water is no higher than the bottom of the wheel hub. Drive through any water slowly. Allow adequate stopping distance because brake performance may be reduced. After driving through water, dry the brakes by gently applying them several times while the vehicle is moving slowly. Highway driving Tires Adjust the tire inflation, as specified. Under-inflation may overheat or damage the tires. Do not install worn-out or damaged tires, which may reduce traction or fail the braking operation. Information Never over-inflate your tires above the maximum inflation pressure, as specified on your tires. Fuel, engine coolant and engine oil Driving at a high speed consumes more fuel than driving at a slow speed, such as in an urban area. Do not forget to check both the engine coolant and engine oil. Drive belt A loose or damaged drive belt may overheat the engine.


===== PAGE 357 =====

Reducing the risk of a rollover Your multi-purpose passenger vehicle is defined as a Sports Utility Vehicle (SUV). SUV’s have higher ground clearance and a narrower track to make them capable of performing in a wide variety of off-road applications. The specific design characteristics give them a higher center of gravity than ordinary vehicles making them more likely to roll over if you make abrupt turns. Utility vehicles have a significantly higher rollover rate than other types of vehicles. Due to this risk, driver and passengers are strongly recommended to buckle their seat belts. In a rollover crash, an unbelted person is significantly more likely to die than a person wearing a seat belt. There are steps that a driver can make to reduce the risk of a rollover. If at all possible, avoid sharp turns or abrupt maneuvers, do not load your vehicle with heavy cargo on the roof, and never modify your vehicle in any way. Utility vehicles have a significantly higher rollover rate than other types of vehicles. To prevent rollovers or loss of control: • Take corners at slower speeds than you would with a passenger vehicle. • Avoid sharp turns and abrupt maneuvers. • Do not modify your vehicle in any way that you would raise the center of gravity. • Keep tires properly inflated. • Do not carry heavy cargo on the roof. WARNING In a rollover crash, an unbelted person is significantly more likely to die than a person wearing a seat belt. Make sure all passengers are wearing their seat belts. WARNING


===== PAGE 358 =====

The severe weather conditions of winter quickly wear out tires and cause other problems. To minimize winter driving problems, you should take the following suggestions: Snow or icy conditions You need to keep sufficient distance between your vehicle and the vehicle in front of you. Apply the brakes gently. Speeding, rapid acceleration, sudden brake applications, and sharp turns are potentially very hazardous practices. During deceleration, use engine braking to the fullest extent. Sudden brake applications on snowy or icy roads may cause skids to occur. To drive your vehicle in deep snow, it may be necessary to use snow tires or to install tire chains on your tires. Always carry emergency equipment. Some of the items you may want to carry include tire chains, tow straps or chains, a flashlight, emergency flares, sand, a shovel, jumper cables, a window scraper, gloves, ground cloth, coveralls, a blanket, etc. Snow tires If you mount snow tires on your vehicle, make sure to use radial tires of the same size and load range as the original tires. Mount snow tires on all four wheels to balance your vehicle’s handling in all weather conditions. The traction provided by snow tires on dry roads may not be as high as your vehicle's original equipment tires. Check with the tire dealer for maximum speed recommendations. Information Do not install studded tires without first checking local and municipal regulations for possible restrictions against their use. Snow tires should be equivalent in size and type to the vehicle's standard tires. Otherwise, the safety and handling of your vehicle may be adversely affected. WARNING


===== PAGE 359 =====

Tire chains Since the sidewalls of radial tires are thinner than other types of tires, they may be damaged by mounting some types of tire chains on them. Therefore, the use of snow tires is recommended instead of tire chains. Do not mount tire chains on vehicles equipped with aluminum wheels; if unavoidable use a wire type chain. If tire chains must be used, use genuine HYUNDAI parts and install the tire chain after reviewing the instructions provided with the tire chains. Damage to your vehicle caused by improper tire chain use is not covered by your vehicle manufacturer’s warranty. Information • Install tire chains on the front tires. It should be noted that installing tire chains on the tires will provide a greater driving force, but will not prevent side skids. • Do not install studded tires without first checking local and municipal regulations for possible restrictions against their use. OTLE058036 The use of tire chains may adversely affect vehicle handling: • Drive less than 30 km/h (20 mph) or the chain manufacturer’s recommended speed limit, whichever is lower. • Drive carefully and avoid bumps, holes, sharp turns, and other road hazards, which may cause the vehicle to bounce. • Avoid sharp turns or locked wheel braking. WARNING


===== PAGE 360 =====

Chain Installation When installing tire chains, follow the manufacturer's instructions and mount them as tightly possible. Drive slowly (less than 30 km/h (20 mph)) with chains installed. If you hear the chains contacting the body or chassis, stop and tighten them. If they still make contact, slow down until the noise stops. Remove the tire chains as soon as you begin driving on cleared roads. When mounting snow chains, park the vehicle on level ground away from traffic. Turn on the vehicle Hazard Warning Flasher and place a triangular emergency warning device behind the vehicle (if available). Always place the vehicle in P (Park), apply the parking brake and turn off the engine before installing snow chains. When using tire chains: • Wrong size chains or improperly installed chains can damage your vehicle's brake lines, suspension, body and wheels. • Use SAE "S" class or wire chains. • If you hear noise caused by chains contacting the body, retighten the chain to prevent contact with the vehicle body. • To prevent body damage, retighten the chains after driving 0.5~1.0 km (0.3~0.6 miles). • Do not use tire chains on vehicles equipped with aluminum wheels. If unavoidable, use a wire type chain. • Use wire chains less than 15 mm (0.59 in) wide to prevent damage to the chain’s connection. Winter Precautions Use high quality ethylene glycol coolant Your vehicle is delivered with high quality ethylene glycol coolant in the cooling system. It is the only type of coolant that should be used because it helps prevent corrosion in the cooling system, lubricates the water pump and prevents freezing. Be sure to replace or replenish your coolant in accordance with the maintenance schedule in section 7. Before winter, have your coolant tested to assure that its freezing point is sufficient for the temperatures anticipated during the winter. NOTICE


===== PAGE 361 =====

Check battery and cables The winter temperature increases the battery consumption. Inspect the battery and cables, as specified in the chapter 7. The battery charging level can be checked by an authorized HYUNDAI dealer or in a service station. Change to "winter weight" oil if necessary In some regions during winter, it is recommended to use the "winter weight" oil with lower viscosity. For further information, refer to the chapter 8. When you are not sure about a type of winter weight oil, consult an authorized HYUNDAI dealer. Check spark plugs and ignition system Inspect the spark plugs, as specified in the chapter 7. If necessary, replace them. Also check all ignition wirings and components for any cracks, wear-out, and damage. To prevent locks from freezing To prevent the locks from being frozen, spray approved de-icing fluid or glycerin into key holes. When a lock opening is already covered with ice, spray approved de-icing fluid over the ice to remove it. When an internal part of a lock freezes, try to thaw it with a heated key. Carefully use the heated key to avoid an injury. Use approved window washer antifreeze solution in system To prevent the window washer from being frozen, add authorized window washer anti-freeze solution, as specified on the window washer container. Window washer anti-freeze solution is available from an authorized HYUNDAI dealer, and so are the most vehicle accessory outlets. Do not use engine coolant or other types of anti-freeze solution to prevent any damage to the vehicle paint.


===== PAGE 362 =====

Do not let your parking brake freeze Under some conditions your parking brake can freeze in the engaged position. This is most likely to happen when there is an accumulation of snow or ice around or near the rear brakes or if the brakes are wet. When there is the risk that your parking brake may freeze, temporarily apply it with the shift lever in P (Park). Also, block the rear wheels in advance, so the vehicle may not roll. Then, release the parking brake. Do not let ice and snow accumulate underneath Under some conditions, snow and ice can build up under the fenders and interfere with the steering. When driving in such conditions during the severe winter, you should check underneath the vehicle on a regular basis, so that moving the front wheels and the steering components is unblocked. Carry emergency equipment In accordance with weather conditions, you should carry appropriate emergency equipment, while driving. Some of the items you may want to carry include tire chains, tow straps or chains, flashlight, emergency flares, sand, shovel, jumper cables, window scraper, gloves, ground cloth, coveralls, blanket, etc. Do not place objects or materials in the engine compartment Putting objects or materials in the engine compartment may cause an engine failure combustion, because those may block the engine cooling. Such damage will not be covered by the manufacturer’s warranty.


===== PAGE 363 =====

Two labels on your driver’s door sill show how much weight your vehicle was designed to carry: the Tire and Loading Information Label and the Certification Label. Before loading your vehicle, familiarize yourself with the following terms for determining your vehicle's weight ratings, from the vehicle's specifications and the Certification Label: Base Curb Weight This is the weight of the vehicle including a full tank of fuel and all standard equipment. It does not include passengers, cargo, or optional equipment. Vehicle Curb Weight This is the weight of your new vehicle when you picked it up from your dealer plus any aftermarket equipment. Cargo Weight This figure includes all weight added to the Base Curb Weight, including cargo and optional equipment. GAW (Gross Axle Weight) This is the total weight placed on each axle (front and rear) - including vehicle curb weight and all payload. GAWR (Gross Axle Weight Rating) This is the maximum allowable weight that can be carried by a single axle (front or rear). These numbers are shown on the Certification Label. The total load on each axle must never exceed its GAWR. GVW (Gross Vehicle Weight) This is the Base Curb Weight plus actual Cargo Weight plus passengers. GVWR (Gross Vehicle Weight Rating) This is the maximum allowable weight of the fully loaded vehicle (including all options, equipment, passengers and cargo). The GVWR is shown on the Certification Label located on the driver’s door sill. Overloading The Gross Axle Weight Rating (GAWR) and the Gross Vehicle Weight Rating (GVWR) for your vehicle are on the Certification Label attached to the driver's (or front passenger’s) door. Exceeding these ratings can cause an accident or vehicle damage. You can calculate the weight of your load by weighing the items (and people) before putting them in the vehicle. Be careful not to overload your vehicle. WARNING


===== PAGE 364 =====




===== PAGE 365 =====

The hazard warning flasher serves as a warning to other drivers to exercise extreme caution when approaching, overtaking, or passing your vehicle. It should be used whenever emergency repairs are being made or when the vehicle is stopped near the edge of a roadway. To turn the hazard warning flasher on or off, press the hazard warning flasher button with the Engine Start/Stop button in any position. The button is located in the center fascia panel. All turn signal lights will flash simultaneously. • The hazard warning flasher operates whether your vehicle is running or not. • The turn signals do not work when the hazard flasher is on. OTLE065001 OTLE045075 Type A Type B


===== PAGE 366 =====

If the engine stalls while driving • Reduce your speed gradually, keeping a straight line. Move cautiously off the road to a safe place. • Turn on your hazard warning flasher. • Try to start the engine again. If your vehicle will not start, we recommend that you contact an authorized HYUNDAI dealer. If the engine stalls at a crossroad or crossing If the engine stalls at a crossroad or crossing, if safe to do so, move the shift lever to the N (Neutral) position and then push the vehicle to a safe location. If you have a flat tire while driving If a tire goes flat while you are driving: • Take your foot off the accelerator pedal and let the vehicle slow down while driving straight ahead. Do not apply the brakes immediately or attempt to pull off the road as this may cause loss of vehicle control resulting in an accident. When the vehicle has slowed to such a speed that it is safe to do so, brake carefully and pull off the road. Drive off the road as far as possible and park on firm, level ground. If you are on a divided highway, do not park in the median area between the two traffic lanes. • When the vehicle is stopped, press the hazard warning flasher button, move the shift lever into P (Park, for automatic transaxle/dual clutch transmission vehicle) or neutral (for manual transaxle vehicle), apply the parking brake, and place the ignition switch in the LOCK/OFF position. • Have all passengers get out of the vehicle. Be sure they all get out on the side of the vehicle that is away from traffic. • When changing a flat tire, follow the instructions provided later in this chapter.


===== PAGE 367 =====

If the engine doesn't turn over or turns over slowly • Be sure the shift lever is in N or P(Neutral or Park, for automatic transaxle/dual clutch transmission vehicle) if it is an automatic transaxle vehicle. The engine starts only when the shift lever is in N (Neutral) or P (Park). • Check the battery connections to be sure they are clean and tight. • Turn on the interior light. If the light dims or goes out when you operate the starter, the battery is drained. Do not push or pull the vehicle to start it. This could cause damage to your vehicle. See instructions for "Jump Starting" provided in this chapter. If the engine turns over normally but doesn't start • Check the fuel level and add fuel if necessary. If the engine still does not start, we recommend that you call an authorized HYUNDAI dealer for assistance. Push or pull starting the vehicle may cause the catalytic converter to overload which can lead to damage to the emission control system. CAUTION


===== PAGE 368 =====

Jump starting can be dangerous if done incorrectly. Follow the jump starting procedure in this section to avoid serious injury or damage to your vehicle. If in doubt about how to properly jump start your vehicle, we strongly recommend that you have a service technician or towing service do it for you. To prevent SERIOUS INJURY or DEATH to you or bystanders, always follow these precautions when working near or handling the battery: Always read and follow instructions carefully when handling a battery. Wear eye protection designed to protect the eyes from acid splashes. Keep all flames, sparks, or smoking materials away from the battery. Hydrogen is always present in battery cells, is highly combustible, and may explode if ignited. Keep batteries out of reach of children. (Continued) (Continued) Batteries contain sulfuric acid which is highly corrosive. Do not allow acid to contact your eyes, skin or clothing. If acid gets into your eyes, flush your eyes with clean water for at least 15 minutes and get immediate medical attention. If acid gets on your skin, thoroughly wash the area. If you feel pain or a burning sensation, get medical attention immediately. • When lifting a plastic-cased battery, excessive pressure on the case may cause battery acid to leak. Lift with a battery carrier or with your hands on opposite corners. • Do not attempt to jump start your vehicle if your battery is frozen. (Continued) WARNING


===== PAGE 369 =====

To prevent damage to your vehicle: • Only use a 12-volt power supply (battery or jumper system) to jump start your vehicle. • Do not attempt to jump start your vehicle by push-starting. Information An inappropriately disposed battery can be harmful to the environment and human health. Dispose the battery according to your local law(s) or regulations. Jump starting procedure 1. Position the vehicles close enough that the jumper cables will reach, but do not allow the vehicles to touch. 2. Avoid fans or any moving parts in the engine compartment at all times, even when the vehicles are turned off. 3. Turn off all electrical devices such as radios, lights, air conditioning, etc. Put the vehicles in P (Park, for automatic transaxle/dual clutch transmission vehicle) or neutral (for manual transaxle vehicle), and set the parking brakes. Turn both vehicles OFF. NOTICE (Continued) • NEVER attempt to recharge the battery when the vehicle’s battery cables are connected to the battery. • The electrical ignition system works with high voltage. NEVER touch these components with the engine running or when the Engine Start/Stop button is in the ON position. • Do not allow the (+) and (-) jumper cables to touch. It may cause sparks. • The battery may rupture or explode when you jump start with a low or frozen battery.


===== PAGE 370 =====

4. Connect the jumper cables in the exact sequence shown in the illustration. First connect one jumper cable to the red, positive (+) jumper terminal of your vehicle 5. Connect the other end of the jumper cable to the red, positive (+) battery/jumper terminal of the assisting vehicle (2). 6. Connect the second jumper cable to the black, negative (-) battery/ chassis ground of the assisting vehicle (3). 7. Connect the other end of the second jumper cable to the black, negative (-) chassis ground of your vehicle (4). Do not allow the jumper cables to contact anything except the correct battery or jumper terminals or the correct ground. Do not lean over the battery when making connections. 8. Start the engine of the assisting vehicle and let it run at approximately 2,000 rpm for a few minutes. Then start your vehicle. If your vehicle will not start after a few attempts, it probably requires servicing. In this event please seek qualified assistance. If the cause of your battery discharging is not apparent, have your vehicle checked by an authorized HYUNDAI dealer. Disconnect the jumper cables in the exact reverse order you connected them: 1. Disconnect the jumper cable from the black, negative (-) chassis ground of your vehicle (4). 2. Disconnect the other end of the jumper cable from the black, negative (-) battery/chassis ground of the assisting vehicle (3). 3. Disconnect the second jumper cable from the red, positive (+) battery/jumper terminal of the assisting vehicle (2). 4. Disconnect the other end of the jumper cable from the red, positive (+) jumper terminal of your vehicle 1VQA4001


===== PAGE 371 =====

If your temperature gauge indicates overheating, you experience a loss of power, or hear loud pinging or knocking, the engine may be overheating. If this happens, you should: 1. Pull off the road and stop as soon as it is safe to do so. 2. Place the shift lever in P (Park, for automatic transaxle/dual clutch transmission vehicle) or neutral (for manual transaxle vehicle) and set the parking brake. If the air conditioning is ON, turn it OFF. 3. If engine coolant is running out under the vehicle or steam is coming out from the hood, stop the engine. Do not open the hood until the coolant has stopped running or the steaming has stopped. If there is no visible loss of engine coolant and no steam, leave the engine running and check to be sure the engine cooling fan is operating. If the fan is not running, turn the engine off. 4. Check for coolant leaking from the radiator, hoses or under the vehicle. (If the air conditioning had been in use, it is normal for cold water to be draining from it when you stop.) 5. If engine coolant is leaking out, stop the engine immediately and we recommend that you call an authorized HYUNDAI dealer for assistance. While the engine is running, keep hands, clothing and tools away from the moving parts such as the cooling fan and drive belt to prevent serious injury. WARNING


===== PAGE 372 =====

6. If you cannot find the cause of the overheating, wait until the engine temperature has returned to normal. Then, if coolant has been lost, carefully add coolant to the reservoir to bring the fluid level in the reservoir up to the halfway mark. 7. Proceed with caution, keeping alert for further signs of overheating. If overheating happens again, we recommend that you call an authorized HYUNDAI dealer for assistance. • Serious loss of coolant indicates a leak in the cooling system and we recommend the system be checked authorized HYUNDAI dealer. • When the engine overheats from low engine coolant, suddenly adding engine coolant may cause cracks in the engine. To prevent damage, add engine coolant slowly in small quantities. CAUTION NEVER remove the radiator cap or the drain plug while the engine and radiator are hot. Hot coolant and steam may blow out under pressure, causing serious injury. Turn the engine off and wait until the engine cools down. Use extreme care when removing the radiator cap. Wrap a thick towel around it, and turn it counterclockwise slowly to the first stop. Step back while the pressure is released from the cooling system. When you are sure all the pressure has been released, press down on the cap, using a thick towel, and continue turning counterclockwise to remove it. WARNING


===== PAGE 373 =====

(1) Low Tire Pressure Telltale/ TPMS Malfunction Indicator (2) Low tire pressure position telltale and tire pressure telltale (Shown on the LCD display) Check tire pressure • You can check the tire pressure in the information mode on the cluster. Refer to "User settings mode" in chapter 3. • Tire pressure is displayed 1~2 minutes later after driving. • If tire pressure is not displayed when the vehicle is stopped, "Drive to display" message displays. After driving, check the tire pressure. • You can change the tire pressure unit in the user settings mode on the cluster. - psi, kpa, bar (Refer to "User settings mode" in chapter 3).   OTLE065017/OTLE065018 Type A Type B


===== PAGE 374 =====

Tire pressure monitoring system Each tire, including the spare (if provided), should be checked monthly when cold and inflated to the inflation pressure recommended by the vehicle manufacturer on the vehicle placard or tire inflation pressure label. (If your vehicle has tires of a different size than the size indicated on the vehicle placard or tire inflation pressure label, you should determine the proper tire inflation pressure for those tires.) As an added safety feature, your vehicle has been equipped with a tire pressure monitoring system (TPMS) that illuminates a low tire pressure telltale when one or more of your tires is significantly under-inflated. Accordingly, when the low tire pressure telltale illuminates, you should stop and check your tires as soon as possible, and inflate them to the proper pressure. Driving on a significantly under-inflated tire causes the tire to overheat and can lead to tire failure. Under-inflation also reduces fuel efficiency and tire tread life, and may affect the vehicle’s handling and stopping ability. Please note that the TPMS is not a substitute for proper tire maintenance, and it is the driver’s responsibility to maintain correct tire pressure, even if under-inflation has not reached the level to trigger illumination of the TPMS low tire pressure telltale. Your vehicle has also been equipped with a TPMS malfunction indicator to indicate when the system is not operating properly. The TPMS malfunction indicator is combined with the low tire pressure telltale. When the system detects a malfunction, the telltale will flash for approximately one minute and then remain continuously illuminated. This sequence will continue upon subsequent vehicle start-ups as long as the malfunction exists. When the malfunction indicator is illuminated, the system may not be able to detect or signal low tire pressure as intended. TPMS malfunctions may occur for a variety of reasons, including the installation of replacement or alternate tires or wheels on the vehicle that prevent the TPMS from functioning properly. Always check the TPMS malfunction telltale after replacing one or more tires or wheels on your vehicle to ensure that the replacement or alternate tires and wheels allow the TPMS to continue to function properly. Over-inflation or under-inflation can reduce tire life, adversely affect vehicle handling, and lead to sudden tire failure that may cause loss of vehicle control resulting in an accident. WARNING


===== PAGE 375 =====

If any of the below happens, we recommend that the system be checked by an authorized HYUNDAI dealer. 1. The low tire pressure telltale/ TPMS malfunction indicator does not illuminate for 3 seconds when Engine Start/Stop button is turned to the ON or engine is running. 2. The TPMS malfunction indicator remains illuminated after blinking for approximately 1 minute. 3. The Low tire pressure position telltale remains illuminated. Low tire pressure telltale Low tire pressure position telltale and tire pressure telltale When the tire pressure monitoring system warning indicators are illuminated and warning message displayed on the cluster LCD display, one or more of your tires is significantly under-inflated. The low tire pressure position telltale light will indicate which tire is significantly under-inflated by illuminating the corresponding position light. If either telltale illuminates, immediately reduce your speed, avoid hard cornering and anticipate increased stopping distances. You should stop and check your tires as soon as possible. Inflate the tires to the proper pressure as indicated on the vehicle’s placard or tire inflation pressure label located on the driver’s side center pillar outer panel. If you cannot reach a service station or if the tire cannot hold the newly added air, replace the low pressure tire with a spare tire. If you drive the vehicle for about 10 minutes at speeds above 25 km/h after replacing the low pressure tire with the spare tire, the below will happen: • The TPMS malfunction indicator may blink for approximately 1 minute and then remain continuously illuminated because the TPMS sensor is not mounted on the spare wheel. NOTICE


===== PAGE 376 =====

The spare tire is not equipped with a tire pressure sensor. TPMS (Tire Pressure Monitoring System) malfunction indicator The TPMS malfunction indicator will illuminate after it blinks for approximately one minute when there is a problem with the Tire Pressure Monitoring System. We recommend that the system be checked by an authorized HYUNDAI dealer. If there is a malfunction with the TPMS, the low tire pressure position telltale will not be displayed even though the vehicle has an underinflated tire. NOTICE NOTICE In winter or cold weather, the low tire pressure telltale may illuminate if the tire pressure was adjusted to the recommended tire inflation pressure in warm weather. It does not mean your TPMS is malfunctioning because the decreased temperature leads to a lowering of tire pressure. When you drive your vehicle from a warm area to a cold area or from a cold area to a warm area, or the outside temperature is higher or lower, you should check the tire inflation pressure and adjust the tires to the recommended tire inflation pressure. CAUTION Low pressure damage Significantly low tire pressure makes the vehicle unstable and can contribute to loss of vehicle control and increased braking distances. Continued driving on low pressure tires can cause the tires to overheat and fail. WARNING


===== PAGE 377 =====

Changing a tire with TPMS If you have a flat tire, the low Tire Pressure and Position telltales will come on. We recommend that the system be checked by an authorized HYUNDAI dealer. Each wheel is equipped with a tire pressure sensor mounted inside the tire behind the valve stem. You must use TPMS specific wheels. It is recommended that you have your tires serviced by an authorized HYUNDAI dealer. If you drive the vehicle for about 10 minutes at speeds above 25 km/h after replacing the low pressure tire with the spare tire, the below will happen: • The TPMS malfunction indicator may blink for approximately 1 minute and then remain continuously illuminated because the TPMS sensor is not mounted on the spare wheel. • The TPMS malfunction indicator may blink for approximately 1 minute and then remain continuously illuminated if the vehicle is moving around electric power supply cables or radios transmitter such as at police stations, government and public offices, broadcasting stations, military installations, airports, or transmitting towers, etc. This can interfere with normal operation of the Tire Pressure Monitoring System (TPMS). • The TPMS malfunction indicator may blink for approximately 1 minute and then remain continuously illuminated if snow chains are used or some separate electronic devices such as notebook computer, mobile charger, remote starter or navigation etc., are used in the vehicle. This can interfere with normal operation of the Tire Pressure Monitoring System (TPMS). CAUTION NEVER use a puncture-repairing agent to repair and/or inflate a low pressure tire. The tire sealant can damage the tire pressure sensor. If used, you will have to replace the tire pressure sensor. CAUTION


===== PAGE 378 =====

You may not be able identify a low tire by simply looking at it. Always use a good quality tire pressure gauge to measure the tire's inflation pressure. Please note that a tire that is hot (from being driven) will have a higher pressure measurement than a tire that is cold (from sitting stationary for at least 3 hours and driven less than 1.6 km (1 mile) during that 3 hour period). Allow the tire to cool before measuring the inflation pressure. Always be sure the tire is cold before inflating to the recommended pressure. A cold tire means the vehicle has been sitting for 3 hours and driven for less than 1.6 km (1 mile) in that 3 hour period. TPMS • The TPMS cannot alert you to severe and sudden tire damage caused by external factors such as nails or road debris. • If you feel any vehicle instability, immediately take your foot off the accelerator, apply the brakes gradually and with light force, and slowly move to a safe position off the road. WARNING Protecting TPMS Tampering with, modifying, or disabling the Tire Pressure Monitoring System (TPMS) components may interfere with the system's ability to warn the driver of low tire pressure conditions and/or TPMS malfunctions. Tampering with, modifying, or disabling the Tire Pressure Monitoring System (TPMS) components may void the warranty for that portion of the vehicle. WARNING


===== PAGE 379 =====

For EUROPE • Do not modify the vehicle; it may interfere with the TPMS function. • The wheels on the market do not have a TPMS sensor. For your safety, we recommend that you use parts for replacement from authorized HYUNDAI dealer. • If you use the wheels on the market, use a TPMS sensor approved by a HYUNDAI dealer. If your vehicle is not equipped with a TPMS sensor or TPMS does not work properly, you may fail the periodic vehicle inspection conducted in your country. (Continued) (Continued) All vehicles sold in the EUROPE market during below period must be equipped with TPMS. - New model vehicle : Nov. 1, 2012 ~ - Current model vehicle : Nov. 1, 2014~ (Based on vehicle registrations) WARNING


===== PAGE 380 =====

Jack and tools (1) Jack handle (2) Jack (3) Wheel nut wrench The jack, jack handle, and wheel nut wrench are stored in the luggage compartment under the luggage box cover. The jack is provided for emergency tire changing only. Turn the winged hold down bolt counterclockwise to remove the spare tire. Store the spare tire in the same compartment by turning the winged hold down bolt clockwise. To prevent the spare tire and tools from "rattling", store them in their proper location.   Changing a tire can be dangerous. Follow the instructions in this section when changing a tire to reduce the risk of serious injury or death. WARNING Be careful as you use the jack handle to stay clear of the flat end. The flat end has sharp edges that could cause cuts. CAUTION


===== PAGE 381 =====

If it is hard to loosen the tire holddown wing bolt by hand, you can loosen it easily using the jack handle. 1. Put the jack handle (1) inside of the tire hold-down wing bolt. 2. Turn the tire hold-down wing bolt counterclockwise with the jack handle. Changing tires A vehicle can slip or roll off of a jack causing serious injury or death to you or those nearby. Take the following safety precautions: • Do not get under a vehicle that is supported by a jack. • NEVER attempt to change a tire in the lane of traffic. ALWAYS move the vehicle completely off the road on level, firm ground away from traffic before trying to change a tire. If you cannot find a level, firm place off the road, call a towing service for assistance. • Be sure to use the jack provided with the vehicle. (Continued) WARNING (Continued) • ALWAYS place the jack on the designated jacking positions on the vehicle and NEVER on the bumpers or any other part of the vehicle for jacking support. • Do not start or run the engine while the vehicle is on the jack. • Do not allow anyone to remain in the vehicle while it is on the jack. • Keep children away from the road and the vehicle. OTLE065040


===== PAGE 382 =====

Follow these steps to change your vehicle’s tire: 1. Park on a level, firm surface. 2. Move the shift lever into P (Park, for automatic transaxle/dual clutch transmission vehicle) or neutral (for manual transaxle vehicle), apply the parking brake, and place the ignition switch in the LOCK/OFF position. 3. Press the hazard warning flasher button. 4. Remove the wheel lug nut wrench, jack, jack handle, and spare tire from the vehicle. 5. Block both the front and rear of the tire diagonally opposite of the tire you are changing. 6. Loosen the wheel lug nuts counterclockwise one turn each in the order shown above, but do not remove any lug nuts until the tire has been raised off of the ground.  Block


===== PAGE 383 =====

7. Place the jack at the designated jacking position under the frame closest to the tire you are changing. The jacking positions are plates welded to the frame with two notches and two dimples. Never jack any other position or part of the vehicle. It may damage to the side seal molding. 8. Insert the jack handle into the jack and turn it clockwise, raising the vehicle until the tire clears the ground. Make sure the vehicle is stable on the jack. 9. Loosen the lug nuts with the wheel lug nut wrench and remove them with your fingers. Remove the wheel from the studs and lay it flat on the ground out of the way. Remove any dirt or debris from the studs, mounting surfaces, and wheel. 10. Install the spare tire onto the studs of the hub. 11. Tighten the lug nuts with your fingers onto the studs with the smaller end of the lug nuts closest to the wheel. 12. Lower the vehicle to the ground by turning the jack handle counterclockwise.   Front Rear


===== PAGE 384 =====

13. Use the wheel lug nut wrench to tighten the lug nuts in the order shown. Double-check each lug nut until they are tight. After changing tires, we recommend that an authorized HYUNDAI dealer tighten the lug nuts to their proper torque as soon as possible. The wheel lug nut should be tightened to 9~11 kgf·m (65~79 lbf·ft). If you have a tire gauge, check the tire pressure (see "Tires and Wheels" in chapter 8 for tire pressure instructions.). If the pressure is lower or higher than recommended, drive slowly to the nearest service station and adjust it to the recommended pressure. Always reinstall the valve cap after checking or adjusting tire pressure. If the cap is not replaced, air may leak from the tire. If you lose a valve cap, buy another and install it as soon as possible. After changing tires, secure the flat tire and return the jack and tools to their proper storage locations. Check the tire pressure as soon as possible after installing a spare tire. Adjust it to the recommended pressure. If any of the equipment such as the jack, lug nuts, studs, or other equipment is damaged or in poor condition, do not attempt to change the tire and call for assistance. NOTICE  Your vehicle has metric threads on the studs and lug nuts. Make certain during tire changing that the same nuts that were removed are reinstalled. If you have to replace your lug nuts make sure they have metric threads to avoid damaging the studs and ensure the wheel is properly secured to the hub. We recommend that you consult an authorized HYUNDAI dealer for assistance. CAUTION


===== PAGE 385 =====

Use of compact spare tires (if equipped) Compact spare tires are designed for emergency use only. Drive carefully on the compact spare tire and always follow the safety precautions. When driving with the compact spare tire mounted to your vehicle: • Check the tire pressure after installing the compact spare tire. The compact spare tire should be inflated to 420 kPa (60 psi). • Do not take this vehicle through an automatic car wash while the compact spare tire is installed. • Do not use the compact spare tire on any other vehicle because this tire has been designed especially for your vehicle. • The compact spare tire's tread life is shorter than a regular tire. Inspect your compact spare tire regularly and replace worn compact spare tires with the same size and design, mounted on the same wheel. • Do not use more than one compact spare tire at a time. • Do not tow a trailer while the compact spare tire is installed. When the original tire and wheel are repaired and reinstalled on the vehicle, the lug nut torque must be set correctly. The correct lug nut tightening torque is  kgf·m ( lbf·ft). NOTICE To prevent compact spare tire failure and loss of control possibly resulting in an accident: • Use the compact spare tire only in an emergency. • NEVER operate your vehicle over 80 km/h (50 mph). • Do not exceed the vehicle's maximum load rating or the load carrying capacity shown on the sidewall of the compact spare tire. • Do not use the compact spare tire continuously. Repair or replace the original tire as soon as possible to avoid failure of the compact spare tire. WARNING


===== PAGE 386 =====

To prevent damaging the compact spare tire and your vehicle: • Drive slowly enough for the road conditions to avoid all hazards, such as a potholes or debris. • Avoid driving over obstacles. The compact spare tire diameter is smaller than the diameter of a conventional tire and reduces the ground clearance approximately 25 mm (1 inch). • Do not use tire chains on the compact spare tire. Because of the smaller size, a tire chain will not fit properly. • Do not use the compact spare tire on any other wheels, nor should standard tires, snow tires, wheel covers or trim rings be used with the compact spare wheel. CAUTION The actual Jack label in the vehicle may differ from the illustration. For more detailed specifications, refer to the label attached to the jack. Example OHYK065011 1. Model Name 2. Maximum allowable load 3. When using the jack, set your parking brake. 4. When using the jack, stop the engine. 5. Do not get under a vehicle that is supported by a jack. 6. The designated locations under the frame 7. When supporting the vehicle, the base plate of jack must be vertical under the lifting point. 8. Shift into Reverse gear on vehicles with manual transaxle or move the shift lever to the P position on vehicles with automatic transaxle/ dual clutch transmission. 9. The jack should be used on firm level ground. 10. Jack manufacture 11. Production date 12. Representative company and address Jack label


===== PAGE 387 =====

JACKDOC14F EC Declaration of conformity for Jack


===== PAGE 388 =====

Towing service If emergency towing is necessary, we recommend having it done by an authorized HYUNDAI dealer or a commercial tow-truck service. Proper lifting and towing procedures are necessary to prevent damage to the vehicle. The use of wheel dollies or flatbed is recommended. It is acceptable to tow the vehicle with the rear wheels on the ground (without dollies) and the front wheels off the ground. If any of the loaded wheels or suspension components are damaged or the vehicle is being towed with the front wheels on the ground, use a towing dolly under the front wheels. When being towed by a commercial tow truck and wheel dollies are not used, the front of the vehicle should always be lifted, not the rear. For 4WD vehicles, it must be towed with a wheel lift and dollies or flatbed equipment with all the wheels off the ground.  Dollies Dollies • Do not tow the vehicle with the front wheels on the ground as this may cause damage to the vehicle. • Do not tow with sling-type equipment. Use wheel lift or flatbed equipment. CAUTION   A 4WD vehicle should never be towed with the wheels on the ground. This can cause serious damage to the transaxle or the 4WD system. CAUTION


===== PAGE 389 =====

When towing your vehicle in an emergency without wheel dollies: 1. Place the ignition switch in the ACC position. 2. Place the shift lever in N (Neutral). 3. Release the parking brake. Removable towing hook 1. Open the tailgate, and remove the towing hook from the tool case. 2. Remove the hole cover pressing the lower part of the cover on the front bumper. 3. Install the towing hook by turning it clockwise into the hole until it is fully secured. 4. Remove the towing hook and install the cover after use.    Front Rear If your vehicle is equipped with a rollover sensor, place the ignition switch in the LOCK/OFF or ACC position when the vehicle is being towed. The side impact and curtain air bag may deploy if the sensor detects the situation as a rollover. WARNING Failure to place the shift lever in N (Neutral) may cause internal damage to the transaxle. CAUTION


===== PAGE 390 =====

Emergency towing If towing is necessary, we recommend you have it done by an authorized HYUNDAI dealer or a commercial tow truck service. If towing service is not available in an emergency, your vehicle may be temporarily towed using a cable or chain secured to the emergency towing hook at the front (or rear) of the vehicle. Use extreme caution when towing the vehicle with a cable or chain. A driver must be in the vehicle to steer it and operate the brakes. Towing in this manner may be done only on hard-surfaced roads for a short distance and at low speeds. Also, the wheels, axles, power train, steering and brakes must all be in good condition. Always follow these emergency towing precautions: • Place the ignition switch in the ACC position so the steering wheel is not locked. • Place the shift lever in N (Neutral). • Release the parking brake. • Depress the brake pedal with more force than normal since you will have reduced braking performance. • More steering effort will be required because the power steering system will be disabled. • Use a vehicle heavier than your own to tow your vehicle. • The drivers of both vehicles should communicate with each other frequently. • Before emergency towing, check that the hook is not broken or damaged. • Fasten the towing cable or chain securely to the hook. • Do not jerk the hook. Apply steady and even force.   Front Rear


===== PAGE 391 =====

• Use a towing cable or chain less than 5 m (16 feet) long. Attach a white or red cloth (about 30 cm (12 inches) wide) in the middle of the cable or chain for easy visibility. • Drive carefully so the towing cable or chain remains tight during towing. • Before towing, check the automatic transaxle/dual clutch transmission for fluid leaks under your vehicle. If the automatic transaxle fluid is leaking, flatbed equipment or a towing dolly must be used. To avoid damage to your vehicle and vehicle components when towing: • Always pull straight ahead when using the towing hooks. Do not pull from the side or at a vertical angle. • Do not use the towing hooks to pull a vehicle out of mud, sand or other conditions from which the vehicle cannot be driven out under its own power. • Limit the vehicle speed to 15 km/h (10 mph) and drive less than 1.5 km (1 mile) when towing to avoid serious damage to the automatic transaxle/ dual clutch transmission. CAUTION


===== PAGE 392 =====

Your vehicle is equipped with emergency commodities to help you respond to emergency situation. Fire extinguisher If there is small fire and you know how to use the fire extinguisher, follow these steps carefully. 1. Pull out the safety pin at the top of the extinguisher that keeps the handle from being accidentally pressed. 2. Aim the nozzle towards the base of the fire. 3. Stand approximately 2.5 m (8 ft) away from the fire and squeeze the handle to discharge the extinguisher. If you release the handle, the discharge will stop. 4. Sweep the nozzle back and forth at the base of the fire. After the fire appears to be out, watch carefully since it may re-ignite. First aid kit Supplies for use in giving first aid such as scissors, bandage and adhesive tape, etc. are provided. Triangle reflector Place the triangle reflector on the road to warn oncoming vehicles during emergencies, such as when the vehicle is parked by the roadside due to problems. Tire pressure gauge (if equipped) Tires normally lose some air in dayto-day use, and you may have to add a air periodically and usually it is not a sign of a leaking tire, but of normal wear. Always check tire pressure when the tires are cold because tire pressure increases with temperature. To check the tire pressure, take the following steps: 1. Unscrew the inflation valve cap that is located on the rim of the tire. 2. Press and hold the gauge against the tire valve. Some air will leak as you begin and more will leak if you don't press the gauge in firmly. 3. A firm non-leaking push will activate the gauge. 4. Read the tire pressure on the gauge to see whether the tire pressure is low or high. 5. Adjust the tire pressure to the specified pressure. Refer to "Tires and Wheels" in chapter 8. 6. Reinstall the inflation valve cap.


===== PAGE 393 =====




===== PAGE 394 =====




===== PAGE 395 =====

%NGINECOOLANTRESERVOIR2ADIATORCAP "RAKE FLUIDRESERVOIR !IRCLEANER %NGINEOILDIPSTICK %NGINEOILFILLERCAP 7INDSHIELDWASHERFLUIDRESERVOIR &USEBOX "ATTERY IFEQUIPPED 0ETROL%NGINE.U-0) ■ 4HEACTUALENGINEROOMINTHEVEHICLEMAYDIFFERFROMTHEILLUSTRATION


===== PAGE 396 =====

 %NGINECOOLANTRESERVOIR2ADIATORCAP  "RAKE FLUIDRESERVOIR  !IRCLEANER  %NGINEOILDIPSTICK  %NGINEOILFILLERCAP  7INDSHIELDWASHERFLUIDRESERVOIR  &USEBOX  "ATTERY  &UELFILTER IFEQUIPPED 4HEACTUALENGINEROOMINTHEVEHICLEMAYDIFFERFROMTHEILLUSTRATION $IESEL%NGINE24#) ■


===== PAGE 397 =====

9OUSHOULDEXERCISETHEUTMOSTCARE TO PREVENT DAMAGE TO YOUR VEHICLE ANDINJURYTOYOURSELFWHENEVERPER FORMINGANYMAINTENANCEORINSPEC TIONPROCEDURES 7ERECOMMENDYOUHAVEYOURVEHI CLE MAINTAINED AND REPAIRED BY AN AUTHORIZED (95.$!) DEALER !N AUTHORIZED (95.$!) DEALER MEETS (95.$!)S HIGH SERVICE QUALITY STANDARDS AND RECEIVES TECHNICAL SUPPORT FROM (95.$!) IN ORDER TO PROVIDEYOUWITHAHIGHLEVELOFSERV ICESATISFACTION /WNERSRESPONSIBILITY -AINTENANCESERVICEANDRECORDRETEN TIONARETHEOWNERSRESPONSIBILITY 9OU SHOULD RETAIN DOCUMENTS THAT SHOWPROPERMAINTENANCEHASBEEN PERFORMEDONYOURVEHICLEINACCOR DANCE WITH THE SCHEDULED MAINTE NANCE SERVICE CHARTS SHOWN ON THE FOLLOWINGPAGES9OUNEEDTHISINFOR MATIONTOESTABLISHYOURCOMPLIANCE WITH THE SERVICING AND MAINTENANCE REQUIREMENTS OF YOUR VEHICLE WAR RANTIES $ETAILEDWARRANTYINFORMATIONISPRO VIDEDINYOUR3ERVICE0ASSPORT 2EPAIRSANDADJUSTMENTSREQUIREDAS ARESULTOFIMPROPERMAINTENANCEOR A LACK OF REQUIRED MAINTENANCE ARE NOTCOVERED /WNERMAINTENANCEPRECAUTIONS )NADEQUATE INCOMPLETE OR INSUFFI CIENT SERVICING MAY RESULT IN OPERA TIONALPROBLEMSWITHYOURVEHICLETHAT COULD LEAD TO VEHICLE DAMAGE AN ACCIDENT OR PERSONAL INJURY 4HIS CHAPTERPROVIDESINSTRUCTIONSONLYFOR THEMAINTENANCEITEMSTHATAREEASY TO PERFORM 3EVERAL PROCEDURES CAN BE DONE ONLY BY AN AUTHORIZED (95.$!)DEALERWITHSPECIALTOOLS 9OURVEHICLESHOULDNOTBEMODIFIED INANYWAY3UCHMODIFICATIONSMAY ADVERSELY AFFECT THE PERFORMANCE SAFETY OR DURABILITY OF YOUR VEHICLE AND MAY IN ADDITION VIOLATE CONDI TIONSOFTHELIMITEDWARRANTIESCOVER INGTHEVEHICLE )MPROPEROWNER MAINTENANCE DURING THE WARRANTY PERIOD MAY AFFECT WAR RANTYCOVERAGE&ORDETAILS READTHE SEPARATE 3ERVICE 0ASSPORT PROVIDED WITH THE VEHICLE )F YOUgRE UNSURE ABOUT ANY SERVICING OR MAINTENANCE PROCEDURE WE RECOMMEND THAT THE SYSTEMBESERVICED BYANAUTHORIZED (95.$!)DEALER


===== PAGE 398 =====

4HEFOLLOWINGLISTSAREVEHICLECHECKS AND INSPECTIONS THAT SHOULD BE PER FORMEDBYTHEOWNERORANAUTHORIZED (95.$!) DEALER AT THE FREQUENCIES INDICATED TO HELP ENSURE SAFE DEPENDABLEOPERATIONOFYOURVEHICLE !NY ADVERSE CONDITIONS SHOULD BE BROUGHTTOTHEATTENTIONOFYOURDEAL ERASSOONASPOSSIBLE 4HESE /WNER -AINTENANCE VEHICLE CHECKSAREGENERALLYNOTCOVEREDBY WARRANTIESANDYOUMAYBECHARGED FORLABOR PARTSANDLUBRICANTSUSED 0ERFORMINGMAINTENANCEWORKON AVEHICLECANBEDANGEROUS)FYOU LACK SUFFICIENT KNOWLEDGE AND EXPERIENCEORTHEPROPERTOOLSAND EQUIPMENTTODOTHEWORK WEREC OMMENDTHATTHESYSTEMBESERV ICED BY AN AUTHORIZED (95.$!) DEALER!,7!93FOLLOWTHESEPRE CAUTIONS FOR PERFORMING MAINTE NANCEWORK s 0ARK YOUR VEHICLE ON LEVEL GROUND MOVETHESHIFTLEVERINTO THE00ARK POSITION APPLYTHE PARKINGBRAKE PLACETHEIGNITION SWITCH IN THE ,/#+/&& POSI TION s "LOCKTHETIRESFRONTANDBACK TOPREVENTTHEVEHICLEFROMMOV ING 2EMOVELOOSECLOTHINGORJEWEL RYTHATCANBECOMEENTANGLEDIN MOVINGPARTS s )FYOUMUSTRUNTHEENGINEDUR ING MAINTENANCE DO SO OUT DOORSORINANAREAWITHPLENTYOF VENTILATION s +EEP FLAMES SPARKS OR SMOK INGMATERIALSAWAYFROMTHEBAT TERYANDFUEL RELATEDPARTS


===== PAGE 399 =====

/WNERMAINTENANCESCHEDULE 7HENYOUSTOPFORFUEL s #HECKTHEENGINEOILLEVEL s #HECK COOLANT LEVEL IN THE ENGINE COOLANTRESERVOIR s #HECKTHEWINDSHIELDWASHERFLUID LEVEL s #HECK FOR LOW OR UNDER INFLATED TIRES 7HILEOPERATINGYOURVEHICLE s .OTE ANY CHANGES IN THE SOUND OF THEEXHAUSTORANYSMELLOFEXHAUST FUMESINTHEVEHICLE s #HECKFORVIBRATIONSINTHESTEERING WHEEL .OTICE IF THERE IS ANY INCREASED STEERING EFFORT OR LOOSE NESS IN THE STEERING WHEEL OR CHANGEINITSSTRAIGHT AHEADPOSITION s .OTICE IF YOUR VEHICLE CONSTANTLY TURNS SLIGHTLY OR hPULLSv TO ONE SIDE WHEN TRAVELING ON SMOOTH LEVEL ROAD s 7HENSTOPPING LISTENANDCHECKFOR UNUSUALSOUNDS PULLINGTOONESIDE INCREASED BRAKE PEDAL TRAVEL OR hHARD TO PUSHvBRAKEPEDAL s )F ANY SLIPPING OR CHANGES IN THE OPERATION OF YOUR TRANSAXLE OCCURS CHECKTHETRANSAXLEFLUIDLEVEL s #HECKTHEAUTOMATICTRANSMISSION 00ARK FUNCTION s #HECKTHEPARKINGBRAKE s #HECKFORFLUIDLEAKSUNDERYOURVEHI CLEWATERDRIPPINGFROMTHEAIRCON DITIONINGSYSTEMDURINGORAFTERUSE ISNORMAL  "E CAREFUL WHEN CHECKING YOUR ENGINE COOLANT LEVEL WHEN THE ENGINE IS HOT 4HIS MAY RESULT IN COOLANT BEING BLOWN OUT OF THE OPENINGANDCAUSESERIOUSBURNS ANDOTHERINJURIES $IESEL%NGINE .EVER MANIPULATE OR MODIFY THE INJECTIONSYSTEMWHILERUNNINGTHE DIESELENGINEORWITHINSECONDS AFTERTURNING/&&THEDIESELENGINE 4HE HIGH PRESSURE PUMP HIGH PRESSURE PIPES RAIL AND INJECTORS ARESTILLSUBJECTTOTHEHIGHPRESSURE RIGHT AFTER STOPPING THE DIESEL ENGINE 7HEN THE FUEL LEAKAGE VENTS OUT IT MAY CAUSE SERIOUS BODY INJURY !NY PEOPLE WHO ARE IMPLEMENTEDWITHTHEARTIFICIALCAR DIAC PACEMAKER SHOULD REMAIN AWAY FROM THE %#5 ORTHE WIRING HARNESS BY AT LEAST  CM WHILE RUNNINGTHEDIESELENGINE4HEHIGH CURRENTSOFTHEELECTRICENGINECON TROLSYSTEMPRODUCEACONSIDERABLE AMOUNTOFMAGNETICFIELDS


===== PAGE 400 =====

!TLEASTMONTHLY s #HECK COOLANT LEVEL IN THE ENGINE COOLANTRESERVOIR s #HECK THE OPERATION OF ALL EXTERIOR LIGHTS INCLUDING THE STOPLIGHTS TURN SIGNALSANDHAZARDWARNINGFLASHERS s #HECKTHEINFLATIONPRESSURESOFALL TIRES INCLUDING THE SPARE FOR TIRES THATAREWORN SHOWUNEVENWEAR ORAREDAMAGED s #HECKFORLOOSEWHEELLUGNUTS !TLEASTTWICEAYEAR IE EVERY3PRINGAND&ALL s #HECKRADIATOR HEATERANDAIRCONDI TIONINGHOSESFORLEAKSORDAMAGE s #HECK WINDSHIELD WASHER SPRAY AND WIPER OPERATION #LEAN WIPER BLADESWITHCLEANCLOTHDAMPENED WITHWASHERFLUID s #HECKHEADLAMPALIGNMENT s #HECK MUFFLER EXHAUST PIPES SHIELDSANDCLAMPS s #HECKTHESEATBELTSFORWEARAND FUNCTION !TLEASTONCEAYEAR s #LEANBODYANDDOORDRAINHOLES s ,UBRICATE DOOR HINGES AND HOOD HINGES s ,UBRICATEDOORANDHOODLOCKSAND LATCHES s ,UBRICATE DOOR RUBBER WEATHER STRIPS s #HECKTHEAIRCONDITIONINGSYSTEM s )NSPECT AND LUBRICATE AUTOMATIC TRANSAXLELINKAGEANDCONTROLS s #LEANTHEBATTERYANDTERMINALS s #HECKTHEBRAKEFLUIDLEVEL


===== PAGE 401 =====

&OLLOW.ORMAL-AINTENANCE3CHEDULEIFTHEVEHICLEISUSUALLYOPERATEDWHERENONEOFTHEFOLLOWINGCONDITIONSAPPLY )FANYOFTHEFOLLOWINGCONDITIONSAPPLY YOUMUSTFOLLOWTHE-AINTENANCE5NDER3EVERE5SAGE#ONDITIONS s 2EPEATEDDRIVINGSHORTDISTANCEOFLESSTHANKMMILES INNORMALTEMPERATUREORLESSTHANKMMILES IN FREEZINGTEMPERATURE s %XTENSIVEENGINEIDLINGORLOWSPEEDDRIVINGFORLONGDISTANCES s $RIVINGONROUGH DUSTY MUDDY UNPAVED GRAVELEDORSALT SPREADROADS s $RIVINGINAREASUSINGSALTOROTHERCORROSIVEMATERIALSORINVERYCOLDWEATHER s $RIVINGINTHECONDITIONOFINFLOWINGSANDORDUSTINTOENGINE s $RIVINGINHEAVYTRAFFICAREA s $RIVINGONUPHILL DOWNHILL ORMOUNTAINROADREPEATEDLY s 4OWINGATRAILERORUSINGACAMPER ORROOFRACK s $RIVINGASAPATROLCAR TAXI OTHERCOMMERCIALUSEOFVEHICLETOWING s $RIVINGOVERKMHMILEH s &REQUENTLYDRIVINGINSTOP AND GOCONDITION )FYOURVEHICLEISOPERATEDUNDERTHEABOVECONDITIONS YOUSHOULDINSPECT REPLACEORREFILLMOREFREQUENTLYTHANTHE FOLLOWING.ORMAL-AINTENANCE3CHEDULE!FTERTHEPERIODSORDISTANCESHOWNINTHECHART CONTINUETOFOLLOWTHEPRE SCRIBEDMAINTENANCEINTERVALS


===== PAGE 402 =====

4HEFOLLOWINGMAINTENANCESERVICESMUSTBEPERFORMEDTOENSUREGOODEMISSIONCONTROLANDPERFORMANCE+EEPRECEIPTSFORALL VEHICLEEMISSIONSERVICESTOPROTECTYOURWARRANTY7HEREBOTHKILOMETRESANDTIMEARESHOWN THEFREQUENCYOFSERVICEISDETER MINEDBYWHICHEVEROCCURSFIRST #HECK THE ENGINE OIL LEVEL AND LEAK EVERY  KM   MILES ORBEFORESTARTINGALONGTRIP $RIVINGINAMBIENTTEMPERATUREOVER # & ORDRIV  INGATCONSTANTHIGHWAYSPEEDSMUSTCONFORMTHESEVERE DRIVINGCONDITION 4HEENGINEOILLEVELSHOULDBECHECKEDREGULARLYANDMAIN  TAINEDPROPERLY/PERATINGWITHANINSUFFICIENTAMOUNTOFOIL CANDAMAGETHEENGINE ANDSUCHDAMAGEISNOTCOVERED BYWARRANTY )NSPECT FOR EXCESSIVE VALVE NOISE ANDOR ENGINE VIBRATION ANDADJUSTIFNECESSARY7ERECOMMENDTHATANAUTHORIZED (95.$!)DEALERSHOULDPERFORMTHEOPERATION 7HEN ADDING COOLANT USE ONLY DEIONISED WATER OR SOFT WATER FOR YOUR VEHICLE AND NEVER MIX HARD WATER IN THE COOLANTFILLEDATTHEFACTORY!NIMPROPERCOOLANTMIXTURECAN RESULTINSERIOUSMALFUNCTIONORENGINEDAMAGE -ANUAL!UTOMATIC TRANSAXLE FLUID SHOULD BE CHANGED ANY  TIMETHEVEHICLEHASBEENSUBMERGEDINWATER )F GOOD QUALITY PETROLS THAT MEET %UROPE &UEL STANDARDS %. OREQUIVALENTSINCLUDINGFUELADDITIVESISNOTAVAIL ABLE ONEBOTTLEOFADDITIVEISRECOMMENDED!DDITIVESARE AVAILABLEFROMYOURAUTHORISED(95.$!)DEALERALONGWITH INFORMATIONONHOWTOUSETHEM$ONOTMIXOTHERADDITIVES -AINTENANCESCHEDULEDEPENDSONFUELQUALITY)FTHEREARE SOMEIMPORTANTMATTERSLIKEFUELFLOWRESTRICTION SURGING LOSS OF POWER DIFFICULTY IN STARTING PROBLEMS ETC WE RECOMMENDREPLACINGTHEFUELFILTERIMMEDIATELYREGARDLESS OFTHEMAINTENANCESCHEDULEANDCONSULTINGWITHANAUTHO RISED(95.$!)DEALERFORDETAILS )NSPECTDRIVEBELTTENSIONER IDLERALTERNATORPULLEY 3TARTER ANDALLCHASSISELECTRICALITEMS#ORRECTORREPLACE IFNEC ESSARY *: For your convenience, it can be replaced prior to it's interval10 when you do maintenance of other items.


===== PAGE 403 =====

)NSPECTANDIFNECESSARYADJUST TOP UP CLEANORREPLACE ##LEANAND2EPLACEIFNECESSARY 22EPLACE .UMBEROFMONTHSORDRIVINGDISTANCE WHICHEVERCOMESFIRST -ONTHS 9EARS %NGINEOILANDENGINEOILFILTER $RIVEBELTS !IRCLEANERFILTER #LEANATEVERYSERVICE2EPLACEATEVERY +MSORMONTHS "ATTERYCONDITIONSPECIFICGRAVITY 3PARKPLUGS S2EPLACEATEVERY +M 6ACCUM(OSES 4ENSIONERIDLERDAMPERPULLEY )NSPECTWHENREPLACINGTHEDRIVEBELTORTIMINGBELTCHAIN "RAKE#LUTCHFLUID -ANUALTRANSAXLEFLUID %NGINECOOLANTTOPUPSPECIFICGRAVITY )NSPECT AT EVERY SERVICE  1 6 4 242EPLACE FIRST AT +M OR MONTHS THEN AT EVERY  +M OR MONTHS 4RANSFERCASEOIL7$ IFEQUIPPED 2EARDIFFERENTIALOIL7$ IFEQUIPPED 0ROPELLERSHAFTIFEQUIPPED !UTOMATICTRANSAXLEFLUID .OCHECK .OSERVICEREQUIRED


===== PAGE 404 =====

.UMBEROFMONTHSORDRIVINGDISTANCE WHICHEVERCOMESFIRST -ONTHS 9EARS "RAKE#LUTCH0EDALFREEPLAY0IPESLOSES#ONNECTORS &UELFILLERCAP #LIMATECONTROLAIRFILTER #HECK!#SYSTEMREFRIGERANT#OMPRESSOR #OOLINGSYSTEMWATERPUMP HOSES LEAKAGE 3TEERINGGEARRACK LINKAGEANDBOOTS %XHAUSTSYSTEMLEAKAGESDAMAGES &UELFILTER &UELTANKAIRFILTER)FEQUIPPED )NSPECTATEVERY KM 2EPLACEATEVERY +MSORMONTHS &RONTREARSUSPENSIONLINKAGESBALLJOINTS ))NSPECTANDIFNECESSARYADJUST TOP UP CLEANORREPLACE 22EPLACE ##LEANANDREPLACEIFNECESSARY


===== PAGE 405 =====

.UMBEROFMONTHSORDRIVINGDISTANCE WHICHEVERCOMESFIRST -ONTHS 9EARS &UELLINES HOSESANDCONNECTIONS $RIVESHAFTSBOOTS &LUIDLEAKAGES &RONTANDREARDISCDRUMBRAKESPADS 0ARKINGBRAKEDISCDRUM PADSHOEOPERATION 7HEEL!LIGNMENT"ALANCING )NSPECTIFREQUIRED 4YRE0RESSURETREADWEAR "OLTANDNUTSONCHASISANDBODY ,UBRICATELOCKSHINGES #HECKALLELECTRICALSYSTEMS$RIVEBELTS ALTERNATOR 7ARNINGLIGHTSOPERATION'$3SYSTEMCHECK %XTINTLIGHTSGAUGES ))NSPECTANDIFNECESSARYADJUST TOP UP CLEANORREPLACE ,,UBRICATE 22EPLACE 424YRE2OTATION


===== PAGE 406 =====

.UMBEROFMONTHSORDRIVINGDISTANCE WHICHEVERCOMESFIRST -ONTHS 9EARS 0OWERWINDOW3UNROOFOPERATIONIFEQUIPPED !LLSEATBELTOPERATION 2OADTEST )NSPECTIFREQUIRED )NSPECTANDIFNECESSARYADJUST TOP UP CLEANORREPLACE ,,UBRICATE 22EPLACE 424YRE2OTATION


===== PAGE 407 =====

4HEFOLLOWINGITEMSMUSTBESERVICEDMOREFREQUENTLYONCARSMAINLYUSEDUNDERSEVEREDRIVINGCONDITIONS 2EFERTOTHECHARTBELOWFORTHEAPPROPRIATEMAINTENANCEINTERVALS ))NSPECTANDIFNECESSARY ADJUST CORRECT CLEANORREPLACE 22EPLACEORCHANGE -AINTENANCEITEM -AINTENANCE OPERATION -AINTENANCEINTERVALS $RIVINGCONDITION %NGINEOILANDENGINEOILFILTER %VERY KM MILES ORMONTHS !IRCLEANERFILTER 2EPLACEMOREFREQUENTLYDEPENDINGONTHE CONDITION 2EARDIFFERENTIALOIL7$ %VERY KM MILES 4RANSFERCASEOIL7$ %VERY KM MILES 3TEERINGGEARRACK LINKAGEANDBOOTS )NSPECTMOREFREQUENTLYDEPENDINGONTHE CONDITION 0ROPELLERSHAFTIFEQUIPPED %VERY KM MILES OR MONTHS &RONTSUSPENSIONBALLJOINTS )NSPECTMOREFREQUENTLYDEPENDINGONTHE CONDITION


===== PAGE 408 =====

3EVEREDRIVINGCONDITIONS ! 2EPEATEDSHORTDISTANCEDRIVING " %XTENSIVEIDLING #$RIVINGINDUSTY ROUGHROADS $$RIVING IN AREAS USING SALT OR OTHER CORROSIVE MATERIALSORINVERYCOLDWEATHER % $RIVINGINTHECONDITIONOFINFLOWINGSANDORDUSTINTO ENGINE & $RIVINGINHEAVYTRAFFICAREA '$RIVINGINMOUNTAINOUSAREAS (4OWINGATRAILER ) $RIVINGFORPATROLCAR TAXI COMMERCIALCARORVEHICLE TOWING * $RIVINGOVERKMHMILEH + $RIVINGOVERKMHMILEH , &REQUENTLYDRIVINGINSTOPANDGOCONDITION -AINTENANCEITEM -AINTENANCE OPERATION -AINTENANCEINTERVALS $RIVINGCONDITION $ISCBRAKESANDPADS CALIPERSANDROTORS )NSPECTMOREFREQUENTLYDEPENDINGONTHE CONDITION 0ARKINGBRAKE )NSPECTMOREFREQUENTLYDEPENDINGONTHE CONDITION $RIVESHAFTANDBOOTS )NSPECTMOREFREQUENTLYDEPENDINGONTHE CONDITION #LIMATECONTROLAIRFILTERIFEQUIPPED 2EPLACEMOREFREQUENTLYDEPENDINGONTHE CONDITION !UTOMATICTRANSAXLEFLUID %VERY KM MILES


===== PAGE 409 =====

.UMBEROFMONTHSORDRIVINGDISTANCE WHICHEVERCOMESFIRST -ONTHS 9EARS %NGINEOILANDENGINEOILFILTER $RIVEBELTS !IRCLEANERFILTER "ATTERYCONDITION (OSES6ACCUM%'26'47'4 4ENSIONERIDLERDAMPERPULLEY )NSPECTWHENREPLACINGTHEDRIVEBELTORTIMINGBELTCHAIN "RAKE#LUTCHFLUID %NGINECOOLANTTOPUPSPECIFICGRAVITY 100 60 )NSPECT AT EVERY SERVICE 2EPLACE FIRST AT  +M OR MONTHS THEN AT EVERY 4 24   +M ORMONTHS -ANUALTRANSAXLEFLUID 4RANSFERCASEOIL7$ 2EARDIFFERENTIALOIL7$ 0ROPELLERSHAFTIFEQUIPPED !UTOMATICTRANSAXLEFLUID .OCHECK .OSERVICEREQUIRED )NSPECTANDIFNECESSARYADJUST TOP UP CLEANORREPLACE ##LEANAND2EPLACEIFNECESSARY 22EPLACE


===== PAGE 410 =====

.UMBEROFMONTHSORDRIVINGDISTANCE WHICHEVERCOMESFIRST -ONTHS 9EARS "RAKE#LUTCHPEDALFREEPLAYPIPESHOSESCONNECTORS &UELFILLERCAP #LIMATECONTROLAIRFILTER #HECK!#SYSTEMREFRIGERANTCOMPRESSOR #OOLINGSYSTEMWATERPUMP HOSES LEAKAGE 3TEERINGGEARRACK LINKAGEANDBOOTS %XHAUSTSYSTEMLEAKAGESDAMAGES &UELFILTERCARTRIDGE &RONTREARSUSPENSIONLINKAGESBALLJOINTS 5REASOLUTIONLINES HOSESANDCONNECTIONS 5REASOLUTIONTANKCAP ))NSPECTANDIFNECESSARYADJUST TOP UP CLEANORREPLACE 22EPLACE ##LEANANDREPLACEIFNECESSARY


===== PAGE 411 =====

.UMBEROFMONTHSORDRIVINGDISTANCE WHICHEVERCOMESFIRST -ONTHS 9EARS &UELLINES HOSESANDCONNECTIONS $RIVESHAFTSBOOTS &LUIDLEAKAGES &RONTANDREARDISCDRUMBRAKESPADS 0ARKINGBRAKEDISCDRUM PADSHOEOPERATION 7HEEL!LIGNMENT"ALANCING)FREQUIRED )NSPECTIFREQUIRED 4YRE0RESSURETREADWEAR "OLTANDNUTSONCHASISANDBODY ,UBRICATELOCKSHINGES #HECKALLELECTRICALSYSTEMS$RIVEBELTS ALTERNATOR 7ARNINGLIGHTSOPERATION'$3SYSTEMCHECK %XT)NTLIGHTSGAUGES ))NSPECTANDIFNECESSARYADJUST TOP UP CLEANORREPLACE ,,UBRICATE 22EPLACE 424YRE2OTATION


===== PAGE 412 =====

4HEFOLLOWINGITEMSMUSTBESERVICEDMOREFREQUENTLYONCARSMAINLYUSEDUNDERSEVEREDRIVINGCONDITIONS 2EFERTOTHECHARTBELOWFORTHEAPPROPRIATEMAINTENANCEINTERVALS ))NSPECTANDIFNECESSARY ADJUST CORRECT CLEANORREPLACE 22EPLACEORCHANGE -AINTENANCEITEM -AINTENANCE OPERATION -AINTENANCEINTERVALS $RIVINGCONDITION %NGINEOILANDENGINEOILFILTER %VERY KM MILES ORMONTHS !IRCLEANERFILTER 2EPLACEMOREFREQUENTLYDEPENDINGONTHE CONDITION !UTOMATICTRANSAXLEFLUID %VERY KM MILES 3TEERINGGEARRACK LINKAGEANDBOOTS )NSPECTMOREFREQUENTLYDEPENDINGONTHE CONDITION 0ROPELLERSHAFTIFEQUIPPED %VERY KM MILES OR MONTHS &RONTSUSPENSIONBALLJOINTS )NSPECTMOREFREQUENTLYDEPENDINGONTHE CONDITION


===== PAGE 413 =====

3EVEREDRIVINGCONDITIONS ! 2EPEATEDSHORTDISTANCEDRIVING " %XTENSIVEIDLING #$RIVINGINDUSTY ROUGHROADS $$RIVING IN AREAS USING SALT OR OTHER CORROSIVE MATERIALSORINVERYCOLDWEATHER % $RIVINGINTHECONDITIONOFINFLOWINGSANDORDUSTINTO ENGINE &  $RIVINGINHEAVYTRAFFICAREA '$RIVINGINMOUNTAINOUSAREAS (4OWINGATRAILERORUSINGACAMPERONROOFRACK ) $RIVINGFORPATROLCAR TAXI COMMERCIALCARORVEHICLE TOWING * $RIVINGINVERYCOLDWEATHER + $RIVINGOVERKMHMILEH , &REQUENTLYDRIVINGINSTOP AND GOCONDITIONS -AINTENANCEITEM -AINTENANCE OPERATION -AINTENANCEINTERVALS $RIVINGCONDITION $ISCBRAKESANDPADS CALIPERSANDROTORS )NSPECTMOREFREQUENTLYDEPENDINGONTHE CONDITION 0ARKINGBRAKE )NSPECTMOREFREQUENTLYDEPENDINGONTHE CONDITION $RIVESHAFTANDBOOTS )NSPECTMOREFREQUENTLYDEPENDINGONTHE CONDITION #LIMATECONTROLAIRFILTERIFEQUIPPED 2EPLACEMOREFREQUENTLYDEPENDINGONTHE CONDITION 2EARDIFFERENTIALOIL7$ %VERY KM MILES 4RANSFERCASEOIL7$ %VERY KM MILES


===== PAGE 414 =====

%NGINEOILANDFILTER 4HE ENGINE OIL AND FILTER SHOULD BE CHANGEDATTHEINTERVALSSPECIFIEDIN THEMAINTENANCESCHEDULE)FTHECAR ISBEINGDRIVENINSEVERECONDITIONS MOREFREQUENTOILANDFILTERCHANGES AREREQUIRED $RIVEBELTS )NSPECTALLDRIVEBELTSFOREVIDENCEOF CUTS CRACKS EXCESSIVE WEAR OR OIL SATURATIONANDREPLACEIFNECESSARY $RIVEBELTSSHOULDBECHECKEDPERI ODICALLY FOR PROPER TENSION AND ADJUSTEDASNECESSARY &UELFILTERCARTRIDGE !CLOGGED UPFUELFILTERMAYLIMITTHE VEHICLE DRIVING SPEED DAMAGE THE EMISSION SYSTEM AND CAUSE THE HARD STARTING 7HEN A CONSIDERABLE AMOUNT OF FOREIGN SUBSTANCES ARE ACCUMULATEDINTHEFUELTANK THEFUEL FILTERSHOULDBEREPLACED 5PONINSTALLINGANEWFUELFILTER OPER ATETHEDIESELENGINEFORSEVERALMIN UTES ANDCHECKTHECONNECTIONSFOR ANYLEAKAGES7ERECOMMENDYOUTO HAVE THE FUEL FILTER REPLACED BY AN AUTHORIZED(95.$!)DEALER &UELLINES FUELHOSESANDCON NECTIONS #HECKTHEFUELLINES FUELHOSESAND CONNECTIONS FOR LEAKAGE AND DAM AGE 7E RECOMMEND THAT THE FUEL LINES FUELHOSESANDCONNECTIONSBE REPLACEDBYANAUTHORIZED(95.$!) DEALER 7HENYOUAREINSPECTINGTHEBELT PLACE THE IGNITION SWITCH TO THE ,/#+/&& OR!##POSITION $IESEL/NLY .EVER MANIPULATE OR MODIFY THE INJECTIONSYSTEMWHILERUNNINGTHE DIESELENGINEORWITHINSECONDS AFTER TURNING /&& THE DIESEL ENGINE4HEHIGH PRESSUREPUMP HIGH PRESSURE PIPES RAIL AND INJECTORS ARE STILL SUBJECT TO THE HIGHPRESSURERIGHTAFTERSTOPPING THE DIESEL ENGINE 7HEN THE FUEL LEAKAGE VENTS OUT IT MAY CAUSE SERIOUS BODY INJURY !NY PEOPLE WHOAREIMPLEMENTEDWITHTHEARTI FICIAL CARDIAC PACEMAKER SHOULD REMAINAWAYFROMTHE%#5ORTHE WIRINGHARNESSBYATLEASTCM WHILE RUNNING THE DIESEL ENGINE 4HEHIGHCURRENTSOFTHECOMMON RAIL SYSTEM PRODUCE A CONSIDER ABLEAMOUNTOFMAGNETICFIELDS


===== PAGE 415 =====

6APORHOSEANDFUELFILLERCAP 4HE VAPOR HOSE AND FUEL FILLER CAP SHOULD BE INSPECTED AT THOSE INTER VALS SPECIFIED IN THE MAINTENANCE SCHEDULE -AKE SURE THAT A NEW VAPOR HOSE OR FUEL FILLER CAP IS COR RECTLYREPLACED 6ACUUMCRANKCASEVENTILATION HOSESIFEQUIPPED )NSPECTTHESURFACEOFHOSESFOREVI DENCE OF HEAT ANDOR MECHANICAL DAMAGE (ARD AND BRITTLE RUBBER CRACKING TEARS CUTS ABRASIONS AND EXCESSIVE SWELLING INDICATE DETERIO RATION0ARTICULARATTENTIONSHOULDBE PAIDTOEXAMINETHOSEHOSESURFACES NEAREST TO HIGH HEAT SOURCES SUCH ASTHEEXHAUSTMANIFOLD )NSPECT THE HOSE ROUTING TO ASSURE THATTHEHOSESDONOTCOMEINCON TACT WITH ANY HEAT SOURCE SHARP EDGES OR MOVING COMPONENT WHICH MIGHT CAUSE HEAT DAMAGE OR MECHANICAL WEAR )NSPECT ALL HOSE CONNECTIONS SUCH AS CLAMPS AND COUPLINGS TO MAKE SURE THEY ARE SECURE ANDTHATNOLEAKSAREPRES ENT (OSES SHOULD BE REPLACED IMMEDIATELYIFTHEREISANYEVIDENCE OFDETERIORATIONORDAMAGE !IRCLEANERFILTER 7ERECOMMENDTHATTHEAIRCLEANER FILTER BE REPLACED BY AN AUTHORIZED (95.$!)DEALER 3PARKPLUGS FOR0ETROL%NGINE -AKESURETOINSTALLNEWSPARKPLUGS OFTHECORRECTHEATRANGE $O NOT DISCONNECT AND INSPECT SPARK PLUGS WHEN THE ENGINE IS HOT9OUMAYBURNYOURSELF


===== PAGE 416 =====

#OOLINGSYSTEM #HECK THE COOLING SYSTEM PARTS SUCH AS RADIATOR COOLANT RESERVOIR HOSES AND CONNECTIONS FOR LEAKAGE ANDDAMAGE2EPLACEANYDAMAGED PARTS #OOLANT 4HECOOLANTSHOULDBECHANGEDAT THEINTERVALSSPECIFIEDINTHEMAINTE NANCESCHEDULE !UTOMATICTRANSAXLEFLUID !UTOMATICTRANSAXLEFLUIDSHOULDNOT BE CHECKED UNDER NORMAL USAGE CONDITIONS 7E RECOMMEND THAT THE AUTOMATIC TRANSAXLEFLUIDCHANGEDBYANAUTHOR IZED (95.$!) DEALER ACCORDING TO THEMAINTENANCESCHEDULE !UTOMATIC TRANSAXLE FLUID COLOR IS BASICALLYRED !STHEVEHICLEISDRIVEN THEAUTOMAT IC TRANSAXLE FLUID WILL BEGIN TO LOOK DARKER )TISNORMALCONDITIONANDYOUSHOULD NOT JUDGE THE NEED TO REPLACE THE FLUIDBASEDUPONTHECHANGEDCOLOR "RAKEHOSESANDLINES 6ISUALLYCHECKFORPROPERINSTALLATION CHAFING CRACKS DETERIORATION AND ANYLEAKAGE2EPLACEANYDETERIORAT EDORDAMAGEDPARTSIMMEDIATELY "RAKEFLUIDIFEQUIPPED #HECKBRAKEFLUIDLEVELINTHEBRAKE FLUID RESERVOIR 4HE LEVEL SHOULD BE BETWEENh-).vANDh-!8vMARKSON THE SIDE OF THE RESERVOIR 5SE ONLY HYDRAULIC BRAKE FLUID CONFORMING TO $/4OR$/4SPECIFICATION 0ARKINGBRAKE )NSPECT THE PARKING BRAKE SYSTEM INCLUDINGTHEPARKINGBRAKELEVERAND CABLES 4HE USE OF A NON SPECIFIED FLUID COULDRESULTINTRANSAXLEMALFUNC TIONANDFAILURE 5SE ONLY SPECIFIED AUTOMATIC TRANSAXLE FLUID 2EFER h2ECOMMENDED LUBRICANTS AND CAPACITIESvINSECTION


===== PAGE 417 =====

"RAKEPADS CALIPERSANDROTORS #HECKTHEPADSFOREXCESSIVEWEAR DISCS FOR RUN OUT AND WEAR AND CALIPERSFORFLUIDLEAKAGE &OR MORE DETAILS ON CHECKING THE PADSORLININGWEARLIMIT REFERTOTHE (95.$!)WEBSITE HTTPSERVICEHYUNDAI MOTORCOM 3USPENSIONMOUNTINGBOLTS #HECK THE SUSPENSION CONNECTIONS FORLOOSENESSORDAMAGE2ETIGHTEN TOTHESPECIFIEDTORQUE 3TEERINGGEARBOX LINKAGE BOOTSLOWERARMBALLJOINT 7ITHTHEVEHICLESTOPPEDANDENGINE OFF CHECK FOR EXCESSIVE FREE PLAY IN THESTEERINGWHEEL #HECKTHELINKAGEFORBENDSORDAM AGE #HECK THE DUST BOOTS AND BALL JOINTS FOR DETERIORATION CRACKS OR DAMAGE 2EPLACE ANY DAMAGED PARTS $RIVESHAFTSANDBOOTS #HECK THE DRIVE SHAFTS BOOTS AND CLAMPS FOR CRACKS DETERIORATION OR DAMAGE 2EPLACE ANY DAMAGED PARTS AND IF NECESSARY REPACK THE GREASE !IRCONDITIONINGREFRIGERANT COMPRESSOR #HECKTHEAIRCONDITIONINGLINESAND CONNECTIONS FOR LEAKAGE AND DAM AGE


===== PAGE 418 =====

#HECKINGTHEENGINEOILLEVEL 0ETROLENGINE  "E SURE THE VEHICLE IS ON LEVEL GROUND  3TART THE ENGINE AND ALLOW IT TO REACH NORMAL OPERATING TEMPERA TURE  4URNTHEENGINEOFFANDWAITFORA FEWMINUTESABOUTMINUTES FOR THEOILTORETURNTOTHEOILPAN  0ULLTHEDIPSTICKOUT WIPEITCLEAN ANDRE INSERTITFULLY  0ULL THE DIPSTICK OUT AGAIN AND CHECK THE LEVEL4HE LEVEL SHOULD BEBETWEEN&AND, 2ADIATORHOSE "E VERY CAREFUL NOT TO TOUCH THE RADIATOR HOSE WHEN CHECKING OR ADDINGTHEENGINEOILASITMAYBE HOTENOUGHTOBURNYOU s $ONOTOVERFILLTHEENGINEOIL)T MAYDAMAGETHEENGINE s $O NOT SPILL ENGINE OIL WHEN ADDINGORCHANGINGENGINEOIL)F YOU DROP THE ENGINE OIL ON THE ENGINEROOM WIPEITOFFIMMEDI ATELY s 7HEN YOU WIPE THE OIL LEVEL GAUGE YOUSHOULDWIPEITWITHA CLEAN CLOTH 7HEN MIXED WITH DEBRIS ITCANCAUSEENGINEDAM AGE


===== PAGE 419 =====

)FITISNEARORAT, ADDENOUGHOILTO $ONOTOVERFILL BRINGTHELEVELTO& 5SEAFUNNELTOHELPPREVENTOILFROM BEINGSPILLEDONENGINECOMPONENTS 5SE ONLY THE SPECIFIED ENGINE OIL 2EFERTO2ECOMMENDEDLUBRICANTS ANDCAPACITIESINSECTION #HECKINGTHEENGINEOILLEVEL $IESELENGINE "E SURE THE VEHICLE IS ON LEVEL GROUND 3TART THE ENGINE AND ALLOW IT TO REACH NORMAL OPERATING TEMPERA TURE 4URNTHEENGINEOFFANDWAITFORA FEWMINUTESABOUTMINUTES FOR THEOILTORETURNTOTHEOILPAN 0ULLTHEDIPSTICKOUT WIPEITCLEAN ANDRE INSERTITFULLY 0ULL THE DIPSTICK OUT AGAIN AND CHECKTHELEVEL 4HELEVELSHOULDBEINTHE#RANGE )FTHELEVELISINTHE$RANGE ADD ENOUGH ENGINE OIL TO BRING THE LEVELUPTOTHE#RANGE &IGURE 2EQUIREDACTION 2ANGE 2ECOMMENDTOCONTACTANAUTHOR IZED(95.$!)DEALER 2ANGE $ONOTREFILLENGINEOIL 2ANGE .ORMAL 9OUMAYADDENGINEOILASLONGAS THEOILLEVELDOESNOTGOABOVETHE #RANGE 2ANGE 9OUMUSTADDOILANDMAKESURE THATTHEOILLEVELISINTHE#2ANGE


===== PAGE 420 =====

5SEDENGINEOILMAYCAUSEIRRITA TIONORCANCEROFTHESKINIFLEFTIN CONTACTWITHTHESKINFORPROLONGED PERIODS OF TIME 5SED ENGINE OIL CONTAINS CHEMICALS THAT HAVE CAUSED CANCER IN LABORATORY ANI MALS!LWAYSPROTECTYOURSKINBY WASHING YOUR HANDS THOROUGHLY WITHSOAPANDWARMWATERASSOON ASPOSSIBLEAFTERHANDLINGUSEDOIL )FITISNEARORAT, ADDENOUGHOILTO $ONOTOVERFILLBRINGTHELEVELTO& 5SE ONLY THE SPECIFIED ENGINE OIL 2EFERTO2ECOMMENDEDLUBRICANTS ANDCAPACITIESINSECTION #HECKINGTHEENGINEOILANDFILTER 7E RECOMMEND THAT THE ENGINE OIL ANDFILTERBEREPLACEDBYANAUTHOR IZED(95.$!)DEALER 2ADIATORHOSE "E VERY CAREFUL NOT TO TOUCH THE RADIATOR HOSE WHEN CHECKING OR ADDINGTHEENGINEOILASITMAYBE HOTENOUGHTOBURNYOU s $O NOT SPILL ENGINE OIL WHEN ADDINGORCHANGINGENGINEOIL)F YOU DROP THE ENGINE OIL ON THE ENGINEROOM WIPEITOFFIMMEDI ATELY s 7HEN YOU WIPE THE OIL LEVEL GAUGE YOUSHOULDWIPEITWITHA CLEAN CLOTH 7HEN MIXED WITH DEBRIS ITCANCAUSEENGINEDAM AGE


===== PAGE 421 =====

4HE HIGH PRESSURE COOLING SYSTEM HASARESERVOIRFILLEDWITHYEAR ROUND ANTIFREEZE COOLANT 4HE RESERVOIR IS FILLEDATTHEFACTORY #HECKTHEANTIFREEZEPROTECTIONAND COOLANT CONCENTRATION LEVEL AT LEAST ONCEAYEAR ATTHEBEGINNINGOFTHE WINTER SEASON AND BEFORE TRAVELING TOACOLDERCLIMATE #HECKINGTHECOOLANTLEVEL #HECKTHECONDITIONANDCONNECTIONS OF ALL COOLING SYSTEM HOSES AND HEATER HOSES 2EPLACE ANY SWOLLEN ORDETERIORATEDHOSES 4HE COOLANT LEVEL SHOULD BE FILLED BETWEEN-!8AND-).MARKSONTHE SIDE OF THE COOLANT RESERVOIR WHEN THEENGINEISCOOL )FTHECOOLANTLEVELISLOW ADDENOUGH DISTILLEDDEIONIZED WATER "RING THE LEVEL TO -!8 BUT DO NOT OVERFILL )FFREQUENTADDITIONSAREREQUIRED WE RECOMMEND THAT THE SYSTEM BE INSPECTEDBYANAUTHORIZED(95.$!) DEALER s 7HEN THE ENGINE OVERHEATS FROM LOW ENGINE COOLANT SUD DENLY ADDING ENGINE COOLANT MAYCAUSECRACKSINTHEENGINE 4OPREVENTDAMAGE ADDENGINE COOLANT SLOWLY IN SMALL QUANTI TIES s $O NOT DRIVE WITH NO ENGINE COOLANT )T MAY CAUSE WATER PUMP FAILURE AND ENGINE SEIZURE ETC


===== PAGE 422 =====

2EMOVINGCOOLANTCAP .EVER ATTEMPT TO REMOVE THE COOLANT CAP WHILE THE ENGINE IS OPERATING OR HOT $OING SO MIGHT LEAD TO COOLING SYSTEMANDENGINEDAMAGEAND COULDRESULTINSERIOUSPERSONAL INJURYFROMESCAPINGHOTCOOLANT ORSTEAM s 4URNTHEENGINEOFFANDWAITUNTIL ITCOOLSDOWN5SEEXTREMECARE WHENREMOVINGTHECOOLANTCAP 7RAP A THICK TOWEL AROUND IT AND TURN IT COUNTERCLOCKWISE SLOWLY TO THE FIRST STOP 3TEP BACK WHILE THE PRESSURE IS RELEASED FROM THE COOLING SYS TEM 7HENYOUARESUREALLTHEPRES SURE HAS BEEN RELEASED PRESS DOWNONTHECAP USINGATHICK TOWEL AND CONTINUE TURNING COUNTERCLOCKWISETOREMOVEIT s %VENIFTHEENGINEISNOTOPERAT ING DO NOT REMOVE THE COOLANT CAP OR THE DRAINPLUGWHILE THE ENGINEANDRADIATORAREHOT(OT COOLANTANDSTEAMMAYSTILLBLOW OUT UNDER PRESSURE CAUSING SERIOUSINJURY ELECTRIC MOTOR COOLING FAN IS CON TROLLED ENGINE COOLANT TEMPERATURE REFRIGERANT PRESSURE ANDVEHICLESPEED)T MAYSOME TIMES OPERATE EVEN WHEN THE ENGINE IS NOT RUNNING 5SE EXTREME CAUTION WHEN WORKING NEARTHEBLADESOFTHECOOLINGFAN SO THAT YOU ARE NOT INJURED BY A ROTATINGFANBLADES!STHEENGINE COOLANT TEMPERATURE DECREASES THEELECTRICMOTORWILLAUTOMATICAL LYSHUTOFF4HISISANORMALCONDI TION 4HE ELECTRIC MOTOR COOLING FAN MAYOPERATEUNTILYOUDISCONNECT THENEGATIVEBATTERYCABLE


===== PAGE 423 =====

2ECOMMENDEDENGINECOOLANT s 7HEN ADDING COOLANT USE ONLY DEIONIZED WATER OR SOFT WATER FOR YOUR VEHICLE AND NEVER MIX HARD WATERINTHECOOLANTFILLEDATTHEFAC TORY !N IMPROPER COOLANT MIXTURE CANRESULTINSERIOUSMALFUNCTIONOR ENGINEDAMAGE s 4HEENGINEINYOURVEHICLEHASALU MINUM ENGINE PARTS AND MUST BE PROTECTED BY AN PHOSPHATE BASED ETHYLENE GLYCOL COOLANT TO PREVENT CORROSIONANDFREEZING s $/./453%ALCOHOLORMETHANOL COOLANTORMIXTHEMWITHTHESPEC IFIEDCOOLANT s $ONOTUSEASOLUTIONTHATCONTAINS MORETHANANTIFREEZEORLESS THANANTIFREEZE WHICHWOULD REDUCE THE EFFECTIVENESS OF THE SOLUTION -AKESURETHECOOLANTCAPISPROP ERLY CLOSED AFTER REFILLING COOLANT /THERWISE THE ENGINE COULD BE OVERHEATEDWHILEDRIVING #HECKIFTHECOOLANTCAPLABELIS STRAIGHT)NFRONT ■%NGINEROOMFRONTVIEW -AKESURETHATTHETINYPROTRU SIONS INSIDE THE COOLANT CAP SHOULDBESECURELYINTERLOCKED ■%NGINEROOMREARVIEW


===== PAGE 424 =====

&ORMIXTUREPERCENTAGE REFERTOTHE FOLLOWINGTABLE )NFORMATION If in doubt about the mix ratio, a 50% water and 50% antifreeze mix is the easiest to mix together as it will be the same quantity of each. It is suitable to use for most temperature ranges of -35°C (-31°F) and higher. #HANGINGTHECOOLANT 7ERECOMMENDTHATTHECOOLANTBE REPLACEDBYANAUTHORIZED(95.$!) DEALER !MBIENT 4EMPERATURE -IXTURE0ERCENTAGE VOLUME !NTIFREEZE 7ATER 0UTATHICKCLOTHORFABRICAROUND THECOOLANTCAPBEFOREREFILLINGTHE COOLANT IN ORDER TO PREVENT THE COOLANT FROM OVERFLOWING INTO ENGINEPARTSSUCHASGENERATOR #OOLANT s $O NOT USE RADIATOR COOLANT OR ANTIFREEZE IN THE WASHER FLUID RESERVOIR s 2ADIATOR COOLANT CAN SEVERELY OBSCUREVISIBILITYWHENSPRAYEDON THE WINDSHIELD AND MAY CAUSE LOSSOFVEHICLECONTROLORDAMAGE TOPAINTANDBODYTRIM


===== PAGE 425 =====

#HECKINGTHEBRAKEFLUIDLEVEL #HECKTHEFLUIDLEVELINTHERESERVOIR PERIODICALLY4HEFLUIDLEVELSHOULDBE BETWEEN-!8AND-).MARKSONTHE SIDEOFTHERESERVOIR "EFORE REMOVING THE RESERVOIR CAP AND ADDING BRAKECLUTCH FLUID CLEAN THE AREA AROUND THE RESERVOIR CAP THOROUGHLY TO PREVENT BRAKECLUTCH FLUIDCONTAMINATION )F THE LEVEL IS LOW ADD FLUID TO THE -!8 LEVEL 4HE LEVEL WILL FALL WITH ACCUMULATEDMILEAGE4HISISANOR MAL CONDITION ASSOCIATED WITH THE WEAROFTHEBRAKELININGS )FTHEFLUIDLEVELISEXCESSIVELYLOW WE RECOMMEND THAT THE SYSTEM BE CHECKEDBYANAUTHORIZED(95.$!) DEALER )NFORMATION Use only the specified brake/clutch fluid. (Refer to “Recommended lubricants and capacities” in section 8.) .EVERMIXDIFFERENTTYPESOFFLUID "EFOREREMOVINGTHEBRAKEFILLERCAP READTHEWARNINGONTHECAP


===== PAGE 426 =====

$ONOTALLOWBRAKEFLUIDTOCONTACT THEVEHICLEgSBODYPAINT ASPAINT DAMAGE WILL RESULT "RAKE FLUID WHICHHASBEENEXPOSEDTOOPEN AIR FOR AN EXTENDED TIME SHOULD NEVERBEUSEDASITSQUALITYCAN NOT BE GUARANTEED )T SHOULD BE DISPOSEDOFPROPERLY$ONgTPUTIN THEWRONGKINDOFFLUID )NTHEEVENTTHEBRAKECLUTCHSYS TEMREQUIRESFREQUENTADDITIONSOF FLUID WERECOMMENDTHATTHESYS TEMBEINSPECTEDBYANAUTHORIZED (95.$!)DEALER #LEAN FILLER CAP BEFORE REMOVING 5SE ONLY $/4 OR $/4 BRAKE CLUTCHFLUIDFROMASEALEDCONTAIN


===== PAGE 427 =====

#HECKINGTHEWASHERFLUIDLEVEL 4HE RESERVOIR IS TRANSLUCENT SO THAT YOUCANCHECKTHELEVELWITHAQUICK VISUALINSPECTION #HECK THE FLUID LEVEL IN THE WASHER FLUIDRESERVOIRANDADDFLUIDIFNECES SARY 0LAIN WATER MAY BE USED IF WASHER FLUIDISNOTAVAILABLE (OWEVER USE WASHER SOLVENT WITH ANTIFREEZECHARACTERISTICSINCOLDCLI MATESTOPREVENTFREEZING #HECKINGTHEPARKINGBRAKE #HECK THE STROKE OF THE PARKING BRAKE BY COUNTING THE NUMBER OF hCLICKS HEARD WHILE FULLY APPLYING IT FROMTHERELEASEDPOSITION!LSO THE PARKINGBRAKEALONESHOULDSECURELY HOLD THE VEHICLE ON A FAIRLY STEEP GRADE )F THE STROKE IS MORE OR LESS THAN SPECIFIED WE RECOMMEND THAT THESYSTEMBESERVICEDBYANAUTHOR IZED(95.$!)DEALER 3TROKE^ hCLICKS AT A FORCE OF KGLBS .  #OOLANT s $O NOT USE RADIATOR COOLANT OR ANTIFREEZE IN THE WASHER FLUID RESERVOIR s 2ADIATOR COOLANT CAN SEVERELY OBSCUREVISIBILITYWHENSPRAYEDON THE WINDSHIELD AND MAY CAUSE LOSSOFVEHICLECONTROLORDAMAGE TOPAINTANDBODYTRIM s 7INDSHIELD7ASHERFLUIDAGENTS CONTAIN SOME AMOUNTS OF ALCO HOLANDCANBEFLAMMABLEUNDER CERTAIN CIRCUMSTANCES $O NOT ALLOWSPARKSORFLAMETOCONTACT THE WASHER FLUID OR THE WASHER FLUID RESERVOIR $AMAGE TO THE VEHICLE OR OCCUPANTS COULD OCCUR s 7INDSHIELD WASHER FLUID IS POI SONOUSTOHUMANSANDANIMALS $ONOTDRINKANDAVOIDCONTACT ING WINDSHIELD WASHER FLUID 3ERIOUS INJURY OR DEATH COULD OCCUR


===== PAGE 428 =====

$RAININGWATERFROMFUELFILTER 4HE FUEL FILTER IN THE DIESEL ENGINE OPERATESTHECRITICALFUNCTIONOFSEPA RATINGWATERFROMTHEFUELSANDACCU MULATINGTHEWATERINITSBOTTOM 7HENENOUGHWATERISACCUMULATED INSIDETHEFUELFILTER THEWARNINGLIGHT ILLUMINATESWITHTHEIGNITIONSWITCHIN THE/.POSITION )NTHISCASE WERECOMMENDYOUTO HAVE THE SYSTEM CHECKED BY AN AUTHORIZED(95.$!)DEALER &UELFILTERCARTRIDGEREPLACEMENT )NFORMATION When replacing the fuel filter cartridge, we recommend that you use parts for replacement from an authorized HYUNDAI dealer. 7HEN THE ACCUMULATED WATER IS NOT DRAINED AT A PROPER TIMING WATERMAYPERMEATEINTHEFUELFIL TER DAMAGING THE MAJOR VEHICLE COMPONENTS SUCHASTHEFUELSYS TEM


===== PAGE 429 =====

&ILTERREPLACEMENT 4HEAIRCLEANERFILTERCANBECLEANED FORINSPECTIONUSINGCOMPRESSEDAIR $ONOTATTEMPTTOWASHORTORINSEIT ASWATERWILLDAMAGETHEFILTER )FSOILED THEAIRCLEANERFILTERMUSTBE REPLACED 0ULL DOWN THE AIR CLEANER FILTER COVER 7IPETHEINSIDEOFTHEAIRCLEANER 0ULLDOWNTHELEVERTOTHE5.,/#+ POSITION


===== PAGE 430 =====

2EPLACETHEAIRCLEANERFILTER 0ULL UP THE LEVER TO THE ,/#+ POSITION 2ISE UP THE COVER  UNTIL THE HOOKS ON THE COVER ARE SECURELY FASTENEDINTOTHELATCHES  #HECK IF THE COVER IS FIRMLY INSTALLED )NFORMATION If the vehicle is operated in extremely dusty or sandy areas, replace the element more often than the usual recommended intervals (refer "Maintenance Under Severe Usage Conditions" in this chapter). s $ONOTDRIVEWITHTHEAIRCLEANERFIL TER REMOVED 4HIS WILL RESULT IN EXCESSIVEENGINEWEAR s 7HENREMOVINGTHEAIRCLEANERFIL TER BECAREFULTHATDUSTORDIRTDOES NOTENTERTHEAIRINTAKE ORDAMAGE MAYRESULT s 5SE(95.$!)GENUINEPARTS USE OF NON GENUINE PARTS COULD DAM AGETHEAIRFLOWSENSOR


===== PAGE 431 =====

&ILTERINSPECTION )F THE VEHICLE IS OPERATED IN THE SEVERELY AIR POLLUTED CITIES OR ON DUSTYROUGHROADSFORALONGPERIOD IT SHOULD BE INSPECTED MORE FRE QUENTLY AND REPLACED EARLIER 7HEN YOU THE OWNER REPLACE THE CLIMATE CONTROLAIRFILTER REPLACEITPERFORMING THEFOLLOWINGPROCEDURE ANDBECARE FULTOAVOIDDAMAGINGOTHERCOMPO NENTS 2EPLACE THE FILTER ACCORDING TO THE -AINTENANCE3CHEDULE )NSTALLANEWCLIMATECONTROLAIRFILTERIN THE CORRECT DIRECTION WITH THE ARROW SYMBOL FACINGDOWNWARDS↓ /THERWISE THECLIMATECONTROLEFFECTS MAYDECREASE POSSIBLYWITHANOISE &ILTERREPLACEMENT  7ITHTHEGLOVEBOXOPEN REMOVE THESTOPPERSONBOTHSIDES  /PEN THE GLOVE BOX AND REMOVE THESUPPORTSTRAP   2EMOVETHECLIMATECONTROLAIRFIL TERCASEWHILEPRESSINGTHELOCKON THELEFTSIDEOFTHECOVER  2EPLACETHECLIMATECONTROLAIRFILTER  2EASSEMBLE IN THE REVERSE ORDER OFDISASSEMBLY


===== PAGE 432 =====

"LADEINSPECTION )NFORMATION Commercial hot waxes applied by automatic car washes have been known to make the windshield difficult to clean. #ONTAMINATION OF EITHER THE WIND SHIELD OR THE WIPER BLADES WITH FOR EIGNMATTERCANREDUCETHEEFFECTIVE NESSOFTHEWINDSHIELDWIPERS #OMMON SOURCES OF CONTAMINATION ARE INSECTS TREE SAP AND HOT WAX TREATMENTS USED BY SOME COMMER CIALCARWASHES)FTHEBLADESARENOT WIPINGPROPERLY CLEANBOTHTHEWIN DOW AND THE BLADES WITH A GOOD CLEANERORMILDDETERGENT ANDRINSE THOROUGHLYWITHCLEANWATER 4O PREVENT DAMAGE TO THE WIPER BLADES DONOTUSEPETROL KEROSENE PAINTTHINNER OROTHERSOLVENTSONOR NEARTHEM "LADEREPLACEMENT 7HEN THE WIPERS NO LONGER CLEAN ADEQUATELY THEBLADESMAYBEWORN ORCRACKED ANDREQUIREREPLACEMENT 4O PREVENT DAMAGE TO THE WIPER ARMS OR OTHER COMPONENTS DO NOT ATTEMPTTOMOVETHEWIPERSMANUAL 4HE USE OF A NON SPECIFIED WIPER BLADECOULDRESULTINWIPERMALFUNC TIONANDFAILURE $O NOT ALLOW THE WIPER ARM TO FALL AGAINSTTHEWINDSHIELD SINCEITMAY CHIPORCRACKTHEWINDSHIELD


===== PAGE 433 =====

&RONTWINDSHIELDWIPERBLADE Type A ,IFT UP THE WIPER BLADE CLIP4HEN LIFTUPTHEWIPERBLADE 7HILE PUSHING THE LOCK  PULL DOWNTHEWIPERBLADE  2EMOVETHEWIPERBLADEFROMTHE WIPERARM )NSTALLANEWWIPERBLADEASSEM BLYINTHEREVERSEORDEROFREMOVAL 2ETURNTHEWIPERARMONTHEWIND SHIELD


===== PAGE 434 =====

Type B 2AISETHEWIPERARM ,IFT UP THE WIPER BLADE CLIP4HEN PULLDOWNTHEBLADEASSEMBLYAND REMOVEIT )NSTALLTHENEWBLADEASSEMBLYIN THEREVERSEORDEROFREMOVAL 2ETURNTHEWIPERARMONTHEWIND SHIELD


===== PAGE 435 =====

2EARWINDOWWIPERBLADE 2AISETHEWIPERARMANDPULLOUT THEWIPERBLADEASSEMBLY )NSTALLTHENEWBLADEASSEMBLYBY INSERTING THE CENTER PART INTO THE SLOTINTHEWIPERARMUNTILITCLICKS INTOPLACE -AKESURETHEBLADEASSEMBLYIS INSTALLED FIRMLY BY TRYING TO PULL IT SLIGHTLY 4OPREVENTDAMAGETOTHEWIPERARMS OR OTHER COMPONENTS WE RECOM MEND THAT THE WIPER BLADES BE REPLACEDBYANAUTHORIZED(95.$!) DEALER


===== PAGE 436 =====

&ORBESTBATTERYSERVICE s +EEPTHEBATTERYSECURELYMOUNTED s +EEPTHEBATTERYTOPCLEANANDDRY s +EEP THE TERMINALS AND CONNEC TIONSCLEAN TIGHT ANDCOATEDWITH PETROLEUMJELLYORTERMINALGREASE s 2INSE ANY SPILLED ELECTROLYTE FROM THE BATTERY IMMEDIATELY WITH A SOLUTIONOFWATERANDBAKINGSODA s )F THE VEHICLE IS NOT GOING TO BE USEDFORANEXTENDEDTIME DISCON NECTTHEBATTERYCABLES )NFORMATION &ORBATTERIES MARKEDWITH500%2AND If your vehicle is equipped with a battery marked with LOWER (MIN) and UPPER (MAX) on the side, you should check the electrolyte level. The electrolyte level should be between LOWER (MIN) and UPPER (MAX). When the electrolyte level is low, add distilled (or de-mineralized) water. (Never add sulfuric acids or other electrolyte). Be careful not to spill distilled (or demineralized) water over the battery surface or other adjacent components. Also, do not overfill the battery cells. If not, it may corrode the battery or other components. Finally, securely close the cell cap. However, we recommend you to contact an authorized HYUNDAI dealer for better battery service.


===== PAGE 437 =====

)FANYELECTROLYTEGETSINTO YOUREYES FLUSHYOUREYES WITH CLEAN WATER FOR AT LEAST  MINUTES AND GET IMMEDIATE MEDICAL ATTEN TION )F ELECTROLYTE GETS ON YOURSKIN THOROUGHLYWASH THECONTACTEDAREA)FYOU FEEL A PAIN OR A BURNING SENSATION GET MEDICAL ATTENTIONIMMEDIATELY 7EAREYEPROTECTIONWHEN CHARGINGORWORKINGNEARA BATTERY !LWAYS PROVIDE VENTILATION WHEN WORKING INANENCLOSEDSPACE INAPPROPRIATELY DIS POSEDBATTERYCANBEHARM FULTOTHEENVIRONMENTAND HUMANHEALTH$ISPOSETHE BATTERY ACCORDING TO YOUR LOCALLAWS ORREGULATION s 7HENLIFTINGAPLASTIC CASEDBAT TERY EXCESSIVEPRESSUREONTHE CASEMAYCAUSEBATTERYACIDTO LEAK RESULTINGINPERSONALINJURY ,IFTWITHABATTERYCARRIERORWITH YOURHANDSONOPPOSITECORNERS s .EVER ATTEMPT TO RECHARGE THE BATTERYWHENTHEBATTERYCABLES ARECONNECTED s 4HE ELECTRICAL IGNITION SYSTEM WORKS WITH HIGH VOLTAGE .EVER TOUCH THESE COMPONENTS WITH THE ENGINE RUNNING OR THE IGNI TIONSWITCHISINTHEONPOSITION &AILURETOFOLLOWTHEABOVEWARN INGS CAN RESULT IN SERIOUS BODILY INJURYORDEATH )FYOUCONNECTUNAUTHORIZEDELEC TRONIC DEVICES TO THE BATTERY THE BATTERYMAYBEDISCHARGED.EVER USEUNAUTHORIZEDDEVICES "ATTERYDANGERS !LWAYS READ THE FOLLOWING INSTRUCTIONSCAREFULLYWHEN HANDLINGABATTERY +EEP LIGHTED CIGARETTES AND ALL OTHER FLAMES OR SPARKSAWAYFROMTHEBAT TERY (YDROGEN A HIGHLY COM BUSTIBLE GAS IS ALWAYS PRESENTINBATTERYCELLSAND MAYEXPLODEIFIGNITED +EEP BATTERIES OUT OF THE REACH OF CHILDREN BECAUSE BATTERIES CONTAIN HIGHLY CORROSIVE !#)$$ONOTALLOWBATTERY ACID TO CONTACT YOUR SKIN EYES CLOTHINGORPAINTFIN ISH


===== PAGE 438 =====

"ATTERYCAPACITYLABEL ❈4HEACTUALBATTERYLABELINTHEVEHICLE MAYDIFFERFROMTHEILLUSTRATION MODELNAMEOFBATTERY  64HENOMINALVOLTAGE  !H(2 4HENOMINALCAPACITY IN!MPEREHOURS  2#4HENOMINALRESERVECAPAC ITYINMIN  ##! 4HE COLD TEST CURRENT IN AMPERESBY3!%  !  4HE COLD TEST CURRENT IN AMPERESBY%. "ATTERYRECHARGING 9OURVEHICLEHASAMAINTENANCE FREE CALCIUM BASEDBATTERY s )FTHEBATTERYBECOMESDISCHARGED INASHORTTIMEBECAUSE FOREXAM PLE THEHEADLIGHTSORINTERIORLIGHTS WERELEFTONWHILETHEVEHICLEWAS NOT IN USE RECHARGE IT BY SLOW CHARGINGTRICKLE FORHOURS s )FTHEBATTERYGRADUALLYDISCHARGES BECAUSEOFHIGHELECTRICLOADWHILE THEVEHICLEISBEINGUSED RECHARGE ITAT !FORTWOHOURS ■%XAMPLE 7HEN RECHARGING THE BATTERY OBSERVETHEFOLLOWINGPRECAUTIONS s 4HE BATTERY MUST BE REMOVED FROM THE VEHICLE AND PLACED IN ANAREAWITHGOODVENTILATION s $ONOTALLOWCIGARETTES SPARKS OR FLAMENEARTHEBATTERY s 7ATCHTHEBATTERYDURINGCHARG ING AND STOP OR REDUCE THE CHARGINGRATEIFTHEBATTERYCELLS BEGINGASSINGBOILING VIOLENTLY ORIFTHETEMPERATUREOFTHEELEC TROLYTEOFANYCELLEXCEEDS # s 7EAR EYE PROTECTION WHEN CHECKING THE BATTERY DURING CHARGING s $ISCONNECT THE BATTERY CHARGER


===== PAGE 439 =====

2ESETITEMS )TEMSSHOULDBERESETAFTERTHEBAT TERYHASBEENDISCHARGEDORTHEBAT TERYHASBEENDISCONNECTED s !UTOUPDOWNWINDOW 3EECHAPTER s 3UNROOF3EECHAPTER s 4RIPCOMPUTER3EECHAPTER s #LIMATECONTROLSYSTEM 3EECHAPTER INTHEFOLLOWINGORDER 4URN OFF THE BATTERY CHARGER MAINSWITCH 5NHOOK THE NEGATIVE CLAMP FROMTHENEGATIVEBATTERYTER MINAL 5NHOOK THE POSITIVE CLAMP FROM THE POSITIVE BATTERY TER MINAL s "EFOREPERFORMINGMAINTENANCE OR RECHARGING THE BATTERY TURN OFFALLACCESSORIESANDSTOPTHE ENGINE s 4HENEGATIVEBATTERYCABLEMUST BE REMOVED FIRST AND INSTALLED LASTWHENTHEBATTERYISDISCON NECTED


===== PAGE 440 =====

4IRECARE &ORPROPERMAINTENANCE SAFETY AND MAXIMUM FUEL ECONOMY YOU MUST ALWAYS MAINTAIN RECOMMENDED TIRE INFLATION PRESSURES AND STAY WITHIN THELOADLIMITSANDWEIGHTDISTRIBUTION RECOMMENDEDFORYOURVEHICLE 2ECOMMENDEDCOLDTIREINFLATION PRESSURES !LL TIRE PRESSURES INCLUDING THE SPARE SHOULDBECHECKEDWHENTHE TIRESARECOLD#OLD4IRESMEANSTHE VEHICLE HAS NOT BEEN DRIVEN FOR AT LEASTTHREEHOURSORDRIVENLESSTHAN KMMILE  2ECOMMENDED PRESSURES MUST BE MAINTAINEDFORTHEBESTRIDE TOPVEHI CLEHANDLING ANDMINIMUMTIREWEAR &ORRECOMMENDEDINFLATIONPRESSURE REFERTO4IREANDWHEELSINSECTION !LL SPECIFICATIONS SIZES AND PRES SURES CAN BE FOUND ON A LABEL ATTACHEDTOTHEVEHICLE 4IREUNDERINFLATION 3EVEREUNDERINFLATIONK0A PSI OR MORE CAN LEAD TO SEVERE HEAT BUILD UP CAUSING BLOWOUTS TREADSEPARATIONANDOTHERTIREFAIL URESTHATCANRESULTINTHELOSSOF VEHICLE CONTROL LEADING TO SEVERE INJURYORDEATH4HISRISKISMUCH HIGHERONHOTDAYSANDWHENDRIV ING FOR LONG PERIODS AT HIGH SPEEDS


===== PAGE 441 =====

s 5NDERINFLATION ALSO RESULTS IN EXCESSIVE WEAR POOR HANDLING AND REDUCED FUEL ECONOMY 7HEELDEFORMATIONALSOISPOSSI BLE+EEPYOURTIREPRESSURESAT THE PROPER LEVELS )F A TIRE FRE QUENTLY NEEDS REFILLING WE REC OMMEND THAT THE TIRE CHECKED BY AN AUTHORIZED (95.$!)DEALER s /VERINFLATION PRODUCES A HARSH RIDE EXCESSIVEWEARATTHECENTER OF THE TIRE TREAD AND A GREATER POSSIBILITY OF DAMAGE FROM ROAD HAZARDS s 7ARMTIRESNORMALLYEXCEEDREC OMMENDED COLD TIRE PRESSURES BYTOK0ATOPSI $O NOTRELEASE AIR FROMWARMTIRES TO ADJUST THE PRESSURE OR THE TIRESWILLBEUNDERINFLATED s "ESURETOREINSTALLTHETIREINFLA TION VALVE CAPS 7ITHOUT THE VALVECAP DIRTORMOISTURECOULD GET INTO THE VALVE CORE AND CAUSEAIRLEAKAGE)FAVALVECAP ISMISSING INSTALLANEWONEAS SOONASPOSSIBLE 4IREPRESSURE !LWAYSOBSERVETHEFOLLOWING s #HECK TIRE PRESSURE WHEN THE TIRESARECOLD!FTERVEHICLEHAS BEEN PARKED FOR AT LEAST THREE HOURSORHASNgTBEENDRIVENMORE THANKMMILE SINCESTART s #HECK THE PRESSURE OF YOUR SPARETIREEACHTIMEYOUCHECK THEPRESSUREOFOTHERTIRES s .EVEROVERLOADYOURVEHICLE"E CAREFULNOTTOOVERLOADAVEHICLE LUGGAGE RACK IF YOUR VEHICLE IS EQUIPPEDWITHONE s 7ORN OLDTIRESCANCAUSEACCI DENTS )F YOUR TREAD IS BADLY WORN ORIFYOURTIRESHAVEBEEN DAMAGED REPLACETHEM 4IREINFLATION /VERINFLATIONORUNDERINFLATIONCAN REDUCE TIRE LIFE ADVERSELY AFFECT VEHICLEHANDLING ANDLEADTOSUD DENTIREFAILURE4HISCOULDRESULTIN LOSSOFVEHICLECONTROLANDPOTEN TIALINJURY


===== PAGE 442 =====

#HECKINGTIREINFLATIONPRESSURE #HECK YOUR TIRES ONCE A MONTH OR MORE !LSO CHECK THE TIRE PRESSURE OF THE SPARETIRE (OWTOCHECK 5SEAGOODQUALITYGAGETOCHECKTIRE PRESSURE9OUCANNOTTELLIFYOURTIRES AREPROPERLYINFLATEDSIMPLYBYLOOK ING AT THEM 2ADIAL TIRES MAY LOOK PROPERLY INFLATED EVEN WHEN THEYgRE UNDERINFLATED #HECK THE TIREgS INFLATION PRESSURE WHEN THE TIRES ARE COLD #OLD MEANSYOURVEHICLEHASBEENSITTING FORATLEASTTHREEHOURSORDRIVENNO MORETHANKMMILE  2EMOVETHEVALVECAPFROMTHETIRE VALVESTEM0RESSTHETIREGAGEFIRM LY ONTO THE VALVE TO GET A PRESSURE MEASUREMENT)FTHECOLDTIREINFLATION PRESSUREMATCHESTHERECOMMENDED PRESSURE ON THE TIRE AND LOADING INFORMATION LABEL NO FURTHER ADJUST MENTISNECESSARY)FTHEPRESSUREIS LOW ADDAIRUNTILYOUREACHTHEREC OMMENDEDAMOUNT )FYOUOVERFILLTHETIRE RELEASEAIRBY PUSHING ON THE METAL STEM IN THE CENTEROFTHETIREVALVE2ECHECKTHE TIRE PRESSURE WITH THE TIRE GAGE "E SURE TO PUT THE VALVE CAPS BACK ON THE VALVE STEMS4HEY HELP PREVENT LEAKSBYKEEPINGOUTDIRTANDMOIS TURE s )NSPECTYOURTIRESFREQUENTLYFOR PROPERINFLATIONASWELLASWEAR ANDDAMAGE!LWAYSUSEATIRE PRESSUREGAUGE s 4IRES WITH TOO MUCH OR TOO LITTLE PRESSUREWEARUNEVENLYCAUSING POOR HANDLING LOSS OF VEHICLE CONTROL AND SUDDEN TIRE FAILURE LEADINGTOACCIDENTS INJURIES AND EVEN DEATH 4HE RECOMMENDED COLDTIREPRESSUREFORYOURVEHICLE CANBEFOUNDINTHISMANUALAND ON THE TIRE LABEL LOCATED ON THE DRIVERgSSIDECENTERPILLAR s 7ORNTIRESCANCAUSEACCIDENTS 2EPLACE TIRES THAT ARE WORN SHOWUNEVENWEAR ORAREDAM AGED s 2EMEMBER TO CHECK THE PRES SURE YOUR SPARE TIRE (95.$!)RECOMMENDSTHATYOU CHECKTHESPAREEVERYTIMEYOU CHECKTHEPRESSUREOFTHEOTHER TIRESONYOURVEHICLE


===== PAGE 443 =====

4IREROTATION 4OEQUALIZETREADWEAR ITISRECOM MENDED THAT THE TIRES BE ROTATED EVERY   KM   MILES OR SOONERIFIRREGULARWEARDEVELOPS $URING ROTATION CHECK THE TIRES FOR CORRECTBALANCE 7HENROTATINGTIRES CHECKFORUNEVEN WEARANDDAMAGE!BNORMALWEARIS USUALLYCAUSEDBYINCORRECTTIREPRES SURE IMPROPERWHEELALIGNMENT OUT OF BALANCEWHEELS SEVEREBRAKINGOR SEVERECORNERING,OOKFORBUMPSOR BULGES IN THE TREAD OR SIDE OF TIRE 2EPLACETHETIREIFYOUFINDEITHEROF THESE CONDITIONS 2EPLACE THE TIRE IF FABRICORCORDISVISIBLE!FTERROTATION BESURETOBRINGTHEFRONTANDREARTIRE PRESSURESTOSPECIFICATIONANDCHECK LUGNUTTIGHTNESS 2EFERTO4IREANDWHEELSINSECTION $ISCBRAKEPADSSHOULDBEINSPECTED FORWEARWHENEVERTIRESAREROTATED )NFORMATION The outside and inside of the unsymmetrical tire is distinguishable. When installing an unsymmetrical tire, be sure to install the side marked "outside" face the outside. If the side marked "inside" is installed on the outside, it will have a bad effect on vehicle performance. ■WITHOUTASPARETIRE


===== PAGE 444 =====

7HEELALIGNMENTANDTIREBAL ANCE 4HE WHEELS ON YOUR VEHICLE WERE ALIGNEDANDBALANCEDCAREFULLYATTHE FACTORYTOGIVEYOUTHELONGESTTIRELIFE ANDBESTOVERALLPERFORMANCE )NMOSTCASES YOUWILLNOTNEEDTO HAVE YOUR WHEELS ALIGNED AGAIN (OWEVER IF YOU NOTICE UNUSUAL TIRE WEARORYOURVEHICLEPULLINGONEWAY ORTHEOTHER THEALIGNMENTMAYNEED TOBERESET )F YOU NOTICE YOUR VEHICLE VIBRATING WHENDRIVINGONASMOOTHROAD YOUR WHEELSMAYNEEDTOBEREBALANCED )MPROPER WHEEL WEIGHTS CAN DAMAGE YOUR VEHICLEgS ALUMINUM WHEELS 5SE ONLY APPROVED WHEEL WEIGHTS 4IREREPLACEMENT )FTHETIREISWORNEVENLY ATREADWEAR INDICATORWILLAPPEARASASOLIDBAND ACROSSTHETREAD4HISSHOWSTHEREIS LESSTHANMMIN OFTREAD LEFTONTHETIRE2EPLACETHETIREWHEN THISHAPPENS $O NOT WAIT FOR THE BAND TO APPEAR ACROSSTHEENTIRETREADBEFOREREPLAC INGTHETIRE 7HENREPLACINGTHETIRES RECHECK AND TIGHTEN THE WHEEL NUTS AFTER DRIVING ABOUT   KM  MILES  )F THE STEERING WHEEL SHAKES OR THE VEHICLE VIBRATES WHILEDRIVING THETIREISOUTOFBAL ANCE!LIGNTHETIREBALANCE)FTHE s $ONOTUSETHECOMPACTSPARETIRE FORTIREROTATION s $ONOTMIXBIASPLYANDRADIALPLY TIRES UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES 4HISMAYCAUSEUNUSUALHANDLING CHARACTERISTICSTHATCOULDRESULTIN DEATH SEVERE INJURY OR PROPERTY DAMAGE


===== PAGE 445 =====

#OMPACTSPARETIREREPLACEMENT IFEQUIPPED ! COMPACT SPARE TIRE HAS A SHORTER TREAD LIFE THAN A REGULAR SIZE TIRE 2EPLACE IT WHEN YOU CAN SEE THE TREADWEARINDICATORBARSONTHETIRE 4HEREPLACEMENTCOMPACTSPARETIRE SHOULDBETHESAMESIZEANDDESIGN TIRE AS THE ONE PROVIDED WITH YOUR NEWVEHICLEANDSHOULDBEMOUNTED ON THE SAME COMPACT SPARE TIRE WHEEL4HECOMPACTSPARETIREISNOT DESIGNEDTOBEMOUNTEDONAREGULAR SIZE WHEEL AND THE COMPACT SPARE TIREWHEELISNOTDESIGNEDFORMOUNT INGAREGULARSIZETIRE TYPE MAY SERIOUSLY AFFECT RIDE HANDLING GROUND CLEARANCE STOPPING DISTANCE BODY TO TIRE CLEARANCE SNOW TIRE CLEARANCE ANDSPEEDOMETERRELIABILITY s 7HEN REPLACING TIRES WHEELS IT IS RECOMMENDED TO REPLACETHETWOFRONTORTWOREAR TIRES OR WHEELS AS A PAIR 2EPLACINGJUSTONETIRECANSERI OUSLY AFFECT YOURVEHICLES HAN DLING s 4HE !"3 WORKS BY COMPARING THE SPEED OF THE WHEELS 4IRE SIZE CAN AFFECT WHEEL SPEED 7HENREPLACINGTIRES ALLTIRES MUSTUSETHESAMESIZEORIGINAL LY SUPPLIED WITH THE VEHICLE 5SINGTIRESOFADIFFERENTSIZECAN CAUSETHE!"3!NTI LOCK"RAKE 3YSTEM AND %3# %LECTRONIC 3TABILITY#ONTROL IFEQUIPPED TO WORKIRREGULARLY s $RIVINGONWORN OUTTIRESISVERY HAZARDOUSANDWILLREDUCEBRAK INGEFFECTIVENESS STEERINGACCU RACY ANDTRACTION s 9OUR VEHICLE IS EQUIPPED WITH TIRES DESIGNED TO PROVIDE FOR SAFERIDEANDHANDLINGCAPABILI TY$ONOTUSEASIZEANDTYPEOF TIRE AND WHEEL THAT IS DIFFERENT FROM THE ONE THAT IS ORIGINALLY INSTALLEDONYOURVEHICLE)TCAN AFFECT THE SAFETY AND PERFORM ANCE OF YOUR VEHICLE WHICH COULDLEADTOHANDLINGFAILUREOR ROLLOVER AND SERIOUS INJURY 7HEN REPLACING THE TIRES BE SURE TO EQUIP ALL FOUR TIRES WITH THETIREANDWHEELOFTHESAME SIZE TYPE TREAD BRAND AND LOAD CARRYINGCAPACITY s 4HEUSEOFANYOTHERTIRESIZEOR


===== PAGE 446 =====

7HEELREPLACEMENT 7HENREPLACINGTHEMETALWHEELSFOR ANY REASON MAKE SURE THE NEW WHEELSAREEQUIVALENTTOTHEORIGINAL FACTORY UNITS IN DIAMETER RIM WIDTH ANDOFFSET 4IRETRACTION 4IRE TRACTION CAN BE REDUCED IF YOU DRIVE ON WORN TIRES TIRES THAT ARE IMPROPERLY INFLATED OR ON SLIPPERY ROAD SURFACES 4IRES SHOULD BE REPLACEDWHENTREADWEARINDICATORS APPEAR4O REDUCE THE POSSIBILITY OF LOSING CONTROL SLOW DOWN WHENEVER THEREISRAIN SNOWORICEONTHEROAD 4IREMAINTENANCE )NADDITIONTOPROPERINFLATION CORRECT WHEEL ALIGNMENT HELPS TO DECREASE TIRE WEAR )F YOU FIND A TIRE IS WORN UNEVENLY HAVEYOURDEALERCHECKTHE WHEELALIGNMENT 7HEN YOU HAVE NEW TIRES INSTALLED MAKE SURE THEY ARE BALANCED 4HIS WILLINCREASEVEHICLERIDECOMFORTAND TIRE LIFE !DDITIONALLY A TIRE SHOULD ALWAYSBEREBALANCEDIFITISREMOVED FROMTHEWHEEL 4IRESIDEWALLLABELING 4HIS INFORMATION IDENTIFIES AND DESCRIBES THE FUNDAMENTAL CHARAC TERISTICSOFTHETIREANDALSOPROVIDES THE TIRE IDENTIFICATION NUMBER 4). FORSAFETYSTANDARDCERTIFICATION4HE 4).CANBEUSEDTOIDENTIFYTHETIREIN CASEOFARECALL -ANUFACTURERORBRANDNAME -ANUFACTURER OR "RAND NAME IS SHOWN !WHEELTHATISNOTTHECORRECTSIZE MAY ADVERSELY AFFECT WHEEL AND BEARINGLIFE BRAKINGANDSTOPPING ABILITIES HANDLING CHARACTERISTICS GROUND CLEARANCE BODY TO TIRE CLEARANCE SNOWCHAINCLEARANCE SPEEDOMETER AND ODOMETER CALI BRATION HEADLAMP AIM AND BUMPERHEIGHT


===== PAGE 447 =====

4IRESIZEDESIGNATION !TIRESSIDEWALLISMARKEDWITHATIRE SIZE DESIGNATION9OU WILL NEED THIS INFORMATION WHEN SELECTING REPLACE MENTTIRESFORYOURCAR4HEFOLLOWING EXPLAINS WHAT THE LETTERS AND NUM BERS IN THE TIRE SIZE DESIGNATION MEAN %XAMPLETIRESIZEDESIGNATION 4HESENUMBERSAREPROVIDEDASAN EXAMPLEONLYYOURTIRESIZEDESIGNA TOR COULD VARY DEPENDING ON YOUR VEHICLE  4IREWIDTHINMILLIMETERS  !SPECT RATIO 4HE TIRES SECTION HEIGHT AS A PERCENTAGE OF ITS WIDTH 2 4IRECONSTRUCTIONCODE2ADIAL   2IMDIAMETERININCHES  ,OAD )NDEX A NUMERICAL CODE ASSOCIATED WITH THE MAXIMUM LOADTHETIRECANCARRY ( 3PEED 2ATING 3YMBOL 3EE THE SPEEDRATINGCHARTINTHISSECTION FORADDITIONALINFORMATION Wheel size designation 7HEELSAREALSOMARKEDWITHIMPOR TANTINFORMATIONTHATYOUNEEDIFYOU EVERHAVETOREPLACEONE4HEFOLLOW ING EXPLAINS WHAT THE LETTERS AND NUMBERSINTHEWHEELSIZEDESIGNA TIONMEAN %XAMPLEWHEELSIZEDESIGNATION  2IMWIDTHININCHES * 2IMCONTOURDESIGNATION  2IMDIAMETERININCHES


===== PAGE 448 =====

Tire speed ratings 4HECHARTBELOWLISTSMANYOFTHEDIF FERENT SPEED RATINGS CURRENTLY BEING USED FOR PASSENGER CAR TIRES 4HE SPEED RATING IS PART OF THE TIRE SIZE DESIGNATION ON THE SIDEWALL OF THE TIRE4HISSYMBOLCORRESPONDSTOTHAT TIREgSDESIGNEDMAXIMUMSAFEOPER ATINGSPEED #HECKINGTIRELIFE 4).4IRE)DENTIFICATION .UMBER !NY TIRES THAT ARE OVER  YEARS OLD BASED ON THE MANUFACTURING DATE TIRE STRENGTH AND PERFORMANCE DECLINE WITH AGE NATURALLY EVEN UNUSED SPARE TIRES  4HEREFORE THE TIRESINCLUDINGTHESPARETIRE SHOULD BE REPLACED BY NEW ONES9OU CAN FIND THE MANUFACTURING DATE ON THE TIRESIDEWALLPOSSIBLYONTHEINSIDEOF THE WHEEL DISPLAYING THE $/4 #ODE4HE$/4#ODEISASERIESOF NUMBERSONATIRECONSISTINGOFNUM BERSAND%NGLISHLETTERS4HEMANU FACTURING DATE IS DESIGNATED BY THE LAST FOUR DIGITS CHARACTERS OF THE $/4CODE 4HEFRONTPARTOFTHE$/4MEANSA PLANT CODE NUMBER TIRE SIZE AND TREADPATTERNANDTHELASTFOURNUM BERSINDICATEWEEKANDYEARMANU FACTURED &OREXAMPLE $/4 8888 8888  REPRESENTS THATTHETIREWASPRODUCEDINTHETH WEEKOF 4IREAGE 4IRES DEGRADE OVER TIME EVEN WHEN THEY ARE NOT BEING USED 2EGARDLESS OF THE REMAINING TREAD ITISRECOMMENDEDTHATTIRES GENERALLYBEREPLACEDAFTERSIX YEARS OF NORMAL SERVICE (EAT CAUSEDBYHOTCLIMATESORFREQUENT HIGHLOADINGCONDITIONSCANACCEL ERATETHEAGINGPROCESS&AILURETO FOLLOW THIS 7ARNING CAN RESULT IN SUDDEN TIRE FAILURE WHICH COULD LEAD TO A LOSS OF CONTROL AND AN ACCIDENTINVOLVINGSERIOUSINJURYOR DEATH 3PEED 2ATING 3YMBOL -AXIMUM3PEED KMHMPH KMHMPH KMHMPH KMHMPH KMHMPH KMHMPH


===== PAGE 449 =====

4IREPLYCOMPOSITIONANDMATERI 4HENUMBEROFLAYERSORPLIESOFRUB BER COATEDFABRICAREINTHETIRE4IRE MANUFACTURERSALSOMUSTINDICATETHE MATERIALS IN THE TIRE WHICH INCLUDE STEEL NYLON POLYESTER AND OTHERS 4HELETTER2MEANSRADIALPLYCON STRUCTIONTHELETTER$MEANSDIAGO NALORBIASPLYCONSTRUCTIONANDTHE LETTER"MEANSBELTED BIASPLYCON STRUCTION -AXIMUMPERMISSIBLEINFLATION PRESSURE 4HISNUMBERISTHEGREATESTAMOUNT OFAIRPRESSURETHATSHOULDBEPUTIN THETIRE$ONOTEXCEEDTHEMAXIMUM PERMISSIBLEINFLATIONPRESSURE2EFER TOTHE4IREAND,OADING)NFORMATION LABEL FOR RECOMMENDED INFLATION PRESSURE -AXIMUMLOADRATING 4HISNUMBERINDICATESTHEMAXIMUM LOAD IN KILOGRAMS AND POUNDS THAT CAN BE CARRIED BY THE TIRE 7HEN REPLACING THE TIRES ON THE VEHICLE ALWAYSUSEATIRETHATHASTHESAME LOAD RATING AS THE FACTORY INSTALLED TIRE 5NIFORMTIREQUALITYGRADING 1UALITY GRADES CAN BE FOUND WHERE APPLICABLE ON THE TIRE SIDEWALL BETWEEN TREAD SHOULDER AND MAXI MUMSECTIONWIDTH &OREXAMPLE Tread wear 4HETREADWEARGRADEISACOMPARA TIVERATINGBASEDONTHEWEARRATEOF THETIREWHENTESTEDUNDERCONTROLLED CONDITIONS ON A SPECIFIED GOVERN MENTTESTCOURSE&OREXAMPLE ATIRE GRADED  WOULD WEAR ONE AND A HALF TIMES  AS WELL ON THE GOV ERNMENTCOURSEASATIREGRADED 4HE RELATIVE PERFORMANCE OF TIRES DEPENDSUPONTHEACTUALCONDITIONS OF THEIR USE HOWEVER AND MAY DEPART SIGNIFICANTLY FROM THE NORM BECAUSE OF VARIATIONS IN DRIVING HABITS SERVICE PRACTICES AND DIFFER ENCESINROADCHARACTERISTICSANDCLI MATE 4HESE GRADES ARE MOLDED ON THE SIDE WALLSOFPASSENGERVEHICLETIRES 4HE TIRES AVAILABLE AS STANDARD OR OPTIONALEQUIPMENTONYOURVEHICLES MAYVARYWITHRESPECTTOGRADE


===== PAGE 450 =====

Traction - AA, A, B & C 4HETRACTIONGRADES FROMHIGHESTTO LOWEST ARE !! ! " AND #4HOSE GRADES REPRESENT THE TIRES ABILITY TO STOPONWETPAVEMENTASMEASURED UNDERCONTROLLEDCONDITIONSONSPEC IFIED GOVERNMENT TEST SURFACES OF ASPHALTANDCONCRETE!TIREMARKED # MAY HAVE POOR TRACTION PERFORM ANCE Temperature -A, B & C 4HE TEMPERATURE GRADES ARE ! THE HIGHEST " AND # REPRESENTING THE TIRESRESISTANCETOTHEGENERATIONOF HEATANDITSABILITYTODISSIPATEHEAT WHENTESTEDUNDERCONTROLLEDCONDI TIONSONASPECIFIEDINDOORLABORATORY TESTWHEEL 3USTAINED HIGH TEMPERATURE CAN CAUSE THE MATERIAL OF THE TIRE TO DEGENERATEANDREDUCETIRELIFE AND EXCESSIVE TEMPERATURE CAN LEAD TO SUDDENTIREFAILURE'RADES"AND! REPRESENT HIGHER LEVELS OF PERFORM ANCE ON THE LABORATORY TEST WHEEL THAN THE MINIMUM REQUIRED BY THE LAW 4IRETEMPERATURE 4HETEMPERATUREGRADEFORTHISTIRE IS ESTABLISHED FOR A TIRE THAT IS PROPERLY INFLATED AND NOT OVER LOADED %XCESSIVE SPEED UNDER INFLATION OR EXCESSIVE LOADING EITHER SEPARATELY OR IN COMBINA TION CANCAUSEHEATBUILD UPAND POSSIBLE SUDDEN TIRE FAILURE 4HIS CAN CAUSELOSSOFVEHICLECONTROL ANDSERIOUSINJURYORDEATH 4HETRACTIONGRADEASSIGNEDTOTHIS TIRE IS BASED ON STRAIGHT AHEAD BRAKING TRACTION TESTS AND DOES NOT INCLUDE ACCELERATION CORNER ING HYDROPLANING ORPEAKTRACTION CHARACTERISTICS


===== PAGE 451 =====

,OWASPECTRATIOTIRE IFEQUIPPED ,OWASPECTRATIOTIRES WHOSEASPECT RATIO IS LOWER THAN  ARE PROVIDED FORSPORTYLOOKS "ECAUSE THE LOW ASPECT RATIO TIRES AREOPTIMIZEDFORHANDLINGANDBRAK ING ITMAYBEMOREUNCOMFORTABLETO RIDEINANDTHEREISMORENOISECOM PAREWITHNORMALTIRES "ECAUSE THE SIDEWALL OF THE LOW ASPECTRATIOTIREISSHORTERTHANTHE NORMAL THEWHEELANDTIREOFTHE LOWASPECTRATIOTIREISEASIERTOBE DAMAGED 3O FOLLOW THE INSTRUC TIONSBELOW 7HENDRIVINGONAROUGHROADOR OFF ROAD DRIVE CAUTIOUSLY BECAUSE TIRES AND WHEELS MAY BE DAMAGED !ND AFTER DRIVING INSPECTTIRESANDWHEELS 7HEN PASSING OVER A POTHOLE SPEED BUMP MANHOLE OR CURB STONE DRIVE SLOWLY SO THAT THE TIRES AND WHEELS ARE NOT DAM AGED )F THE TIRE IS IMPACTED WE REC OMMEND THAT YOU INSPECT THE TIRE CONDITION OR CONTACT AN AUTHORIZED(95.$!)DEALER 4O PREVENT DAMAGE TO THE TIRE INSPECT THE TIRE CONDITION AND PRESSUREEVERY KM s )T IS NOT EASY TO RECOGNIZE THE TIREDAMAGEWITHYOUROWNEYES "UTIFTHEREISTHESLIGHTESTHINTOF TIRE DAMAGE EVEN THOUGH YOU CANNOTSEETHETIREDAMAGEWITH YOUR OWN EYES HAVE THE TIRE CHECKED OR REPLACED BECAUSE THETIRE DAMAGE MAY CAUSE AIR LEAKAGEFROMTHETIRE s )FTHETIREISDAMAGEDBYDRIVING ONAROUGH ROAD OFF ROAD POT HOLE MANHOLE ORCURBSTONE IT WILLNOTBECOVEREDBYTHEWAR RANTY s 9OU CAN FIND OUT THE TIRE INFOR MATIONONTHETIRESIDEWALL


===== PAGE 452 =====

! VEHICLES ELECTRICAL SYSTEM IS PRO TECTEDFROMELECTRICALOVERLOADDAM AGEBYFUSES 4HISVEHICLEHASOR FUSEPANELS ONELOCATEDINTHEDRIVERSSIDEPANEL BOLSTER THEOTHERINTHEENGINECOM PARTMENTNEARTHEBATTERY )FANYOFYOURVEHICLESLIGHTS ACCES SORIES ORCONTROLSDONOTWORK CHECK THEAPPROPRIATECIRCUITFUSE)FAFUSE HAS BLOWN THE ELEMENT INSIDE THE FUSEWILLBEMELTED )FTHEELECTRICALSYSTEMDOESNOTWORK FIRST CHECK THE DRIVERS SIDE FUSE PANEL"EFOREREPLACINGABLOWNFUSE TURNTHEENGINEANDALLSWITCHESOFF ANDTHENDISCONNECTTHENEGATIVEBAT TERY CABLE !LWAYS REPLACE A BLOWN FUSEWITHONEOFTHESAMERATING )FTHEREPLACEMENTFUSEBLOWS THISINDI CATES AN ELECTRICAL PROBLEM !VOID USINGTHESYSTEMINVOLVEDANDIMMEDI ATELYCONSULTANAUTHORIZED(95.$!) DEALER )NFORMATION Three kinds of fuses are used: blade type for lower amperage rating, cartridge type and Multi fuse and Battery fuse terminal for higher amperage ratings. ■"LADETYPE .ORMAL ■#ARTRIDGETYPE "LOWN .ORMAL "LOWN ■-ULTIFUSE .ORMAL "LOWN ■"ATTERYFUSETERMINAL .ORMAL "LOWN


===== PAGE 453 =====

4HE ACTUAL FUSERELAY PANEL LABEL MAYDIFFERFROMEQUIPPEDITEMS &USEREPLACEMENT s .EVER REPLACEA FUSE WITHANY THING BUT ANOTHER FUSE OF THE SAMERATING s ! HIGHER CAPACITY FUSE COULD CAUSE DAMAGE AND POSSIBLY A FIRE s .EVERINSTALLAWIREORALUMINUM FOIL INSTEAD OF THE PROPER FUSE EVEN AS A TEMPORARY REPAIR )T MAYCAUSEEXTENSIVEWIRINGDAM AGEANDAPOSSIBLEFIRE $O NOT USE A SCREWDRIVER OR ANY OTHERMETALOBJECTTOREMOVEFUSES BECAUSEITMAYCAUSEASHORTCIR CUITANDDAMAGETHESYSTEM s 7HENREPLACINGABLOWNFUSEOR RELAYWITHANEWONE MAKESURE THENEWFUSEORRELAYFITSTIGHTLY INTO THE CLIPS 4HE INCOMPLETE FASTENING FUSE OR RELAY MAY CAUSE THE VEHICLE WIRING AND ELECTRICSYSTEMSDAMAGEANDA POSSIBLEFIRE s $ONOTREMOVEFUSES RELAYSAND TERMINALSFASTENEDWITHBOLTSOR NUTS4HEFUSES RELAYSANDTER MINALSMAYBEFASTENEDINCOM PLETELY ANDITMAYCAUSEAPOS SIBLEFIRE)FFUSES RELAYSANDTER MINALS FASTENED WITH BOLTS OR NUTSAREBLOWN WERECOMMEND THAT YOU CONSULT AN AUTHORIZED (95.$!)DEALER s $O NOT INPUT ANY OTHER OBJECTS EXCEPT FUSES OR RELAYS INTO FUSERELAY TERMINALS SUCH AS A DRIVER OR WIRING )T MAY CAUSE CONTACTFAILUREANDSYSTEMMAL FUNCTION


===== PAGE 454 =====

)NNERPANELFUSEREPLACEMENT 4URN THE ENGINE AND ALL OTHER SWITCHESOFF /PENTHEFUSEPANELCOVER 0ULL THE SUSPECTED FUSE STRAIGHT OUT5SETHEREMOVALTOOLPROVIDED IN THE ENGINE COMPARTMENT FUSE PANEL #HECKTHEREMOVEDFUSEREPLACEIT IFITISBLOWN 0USH IN A NEW FUSE OF THE SAME RATING ANDMAKESUREITFITSTIGHTLY INTHECLIPS )FITFITSLOOSELY WERECOMMENDTHAT YOUCONSULTANAUTHORIZED(95.$!) DEALER )NFORMATION If you do not have a spare, use a fuse of the same rating from a circuit you may not need for operating the vehicle, such as the cigar lighter fuse. )F THE HEADLIGHTS OR OTHER ELECTRICAL COMPONENTS DO NOT WORK AND THE FUSESARE/+ CHECKTHEFUSEBLOCKIN THEENGINECOMPARTMENT)FAFUSEIS BLOWN IT MUST BE REPLACED WITH THE SAMERATING


===== PAGE 455 =====

&USESWITCH !LWAYS PLACETHEFUSESWITCHTOTHE /.POSITION )F YOU MOVE THE SWITCH TO THE /&& POSITION SOME ITEMS SUCH AS THE AUDIOSYSTEMANDDIGITALCLOCKMUST BERESETANDTHESMARTKEYMAYNOT WORKPROPERLY )NFORMATION If the fuse switch is OFF, the above message will appear. s !LWAYSPLACETHEFUSESWITCHIN THE/.POSITIONWHILEDRIVINGTHE VEHICLE s 0LACETHEFUSESWITCHINTHE/&& POSITION WHEN THE VEHICLE IS PARKED MORE THAN A MONTH TO PREVENTBATTERYDISCHARGE s $O NOT MOVE THE TRANSPORTATION FUSESWITCHREPEATEDLY4HEFUSE SWITCHMAYBEDAMAGED


===== PAGE 456 =====

%NGINECOMPARTMENTPANELFUSE REPLACEMENT 4URN THE ENGINE OFF AND ALL OTHER SWITCHESOFF 4URNALLTHESWITCHESOFF 2EMOVE THE FUSE BOX COVER BY PRESSINGTHETABANDPULLINGUP #HECKTHEREMOVEDFUSEREPLACEIT IF IT IS BLOWN4O REMOVE OR INSERT THEFUSE USETHEFUSEPULLERINTHE ENGINECOMPARTMENTFUSEPANEL 0USH IN A NEW FUSE OF THE SAME RATING ANDMAKESUREITFITSTIGHTLY INTHECLIPS)FITFITSLOOSELY WEREC OMMEND THAT YOU CONSULT AN AUTHORIZED(95.$!)DEALER -AINFUSE )FTHEMAINFUSEISBLOWN ITMUSTBE REMOVEDASFOLLOWS 4URNOFFTHEENGINE $ISCONNECT THE NEGATIVE BATTERY CABLE 2EMOVETHENUTSSHOWNINTHEPIC TUREABOVE 2EPLACETHEFUSEWITHANEWONE OFTHESAMERATING 2EINSTALL IN THE REVERSE ORDER OF REMOVAL !FTERCHECKINGTHEFUSEBOXINTHE ENGINE COMPARTMENT SECURELY CLOSETHEFUSEBOXCOVERINSIDETHE ENGINECOMPARTMENT UNTILITCLICKS )FNOT WATERMAYLEAKINSIDE POS SIBLY CAUSING A MALFUNCTION WITH ELECTRICSYSTEM


===== PAGE 457 =====

)NFORMATION If the main fuse is blown, even though the engine compartment panel fuse and inner fuse are not blown, if the electrical system is not operated, the main fuse may be blown. The main fuse is connected with other parts and system. We recommend that you contact an authorized HYUNDAI dealer. -ULTIFUSE )FTHEMULTIFUSEISBLOWN ITMUSTBE REMOVEDASFOLLOWS $ISCONNECT THE NEGATIVE BATTERY CABLE 2EMOVETHENUTSSHOWNINTHEPIC TUREABOVE 2EPLACETHEFUSEWITHANEWONE OFTHESAMERATING 2EINSTALL IN THE REVERSE ORDER OF REMOVAL )NFORMATION If the multi fuse is blown, we recommend that you consult an authorized HYUNDAI dealer.


===== PAGE 458 =====

&USE2ELAYPANELDESCRIPTION $RIVERSSIDEFUSEPANEL )NSIDETHEFUSERELAYBOXCOVERS YOU CANFINDTHEFUSERELAYLABELDESCRIB INGFUSERELAYNAMEANDCAPACITY )NFORMATION Not all fuse panel descriptions in this manual may be applicable to your vehicle. It is accurate at the time of printing. When you inspect the fuse box on your vehicle, refer to the fuse box label.


===== PAGE 459 =====

Driver’s side fuse panel &USE.AME 3YMBOL &USE2ATING #IRCUIT0ROTECTED !##ONTROL-ODULE #LUSTE)ONIZER %2*UNCTION"LOCK2,9 04#(%!4%204#(%!4%2"LOWER2ELAY 2EAR7IPER-OTOR )#-2ELAY"OX2EAR7IPER2ELAY "#- 3MART+EY#ONTROL-ODULE -ULTIFUNCTION3WITCH7IPER,OW7ASHER3WITCH "#- 0ARKING$ISTANCE7ARNING"UZZER !4-3HIFT,EVER 7$%#- #RASH0AD3WITCH ,ANE+EEPING!SSIST5NIT "LIND 3POT#OLLISION7ARNING5NIT,(2( #ONSOLE3WITCH &ORWARD#OLLISION!VOIDANCE!SSIST5NIT 323#ONTROL-ODULE "#- 3MART+EY#ONTROL-ODULE !6.AVIGATION(EAD5NIT !UDIO !-0 0OWER/UTSIDE-IRROR3WITCH 7IRELESS#HARGER 2EAR53"#HARGER 3URROUND6IEW-ONITOR ;7/3MART+EY)--/=)#-2ELAY"OX"URGLAR!LARM2ELAY ;7ITH3MART+EY)--/=4RANSAXLE2ANGE3WITCH %#- )GNITION,OCK#LUTCH3WITCH 3MART+EY#ONTROL-ODULE %2*UNCTION"LOCK2,9 3TART2ELAY 2EAR3EAT7ARMER &RONT!IR6ENTILATION3EAT#ONTROL-ODULE &RONT3EAT7ARMER#ONTROL-ODULE 3URROUND6IEW-ONITOR +EY3OLENOID $RIVER0ASSENGER3MART+EY/UTSIDE(ANDLE #ENTER&ACIA3WITCH $RIVER0ASSENGER0OWER/UTSIDE-IRROR $ATA,INK#ONNECTOR &ORWARD#OLLISION!VOIDANCE!SSIST5NIT


===== PAGE 460 =====

&USE.AME 3YMBOL &USE2ATING #IRCUIT0ROTECTED !##ONTROL-ODULE #RASH0AD3WITCH %LECTRO#HROMIC-IRROR !6.AVIGATION(EAD5NIT $ATA,INK#ONNECTOR !UDIO 2EAR3EAT7ARMER &RONT!IR6ENTILATION3EAT#ONTROL-ODULE &RONT3EAT7ARMER#ONTROL-ODULE !UTO(EAD,AMP,EVELING$EVICE-ODULE (EAD,AMP,(2( !4-3HIFT,EVER),, )NSTRUMENT#LUSTER "#- !4-3HIFT,EVER 3TOP,AMP3WITCH'3, 3MART+EY#ONTROL-ODULE ;7/0OWER4AIL'ATE=4AIL'ATE,ATCH;7ITH0OWER4AIL'ATE=0OWER4AIL'ATE,ATCH 2EAR3EAT7ARMER -$035NIT )MMOBILIZER-ODULE 3MART+EY#ONTROL-ODULE )NSTRUMENT#LUSTER !4-3HIFT,EVER),, &RONT0OWER/UTLET#IGARETTE,IGHTER )MMOBILIZER-ODULE 3MART+EY#ONTROL-ODULE 3TART3TOP"UTTON3WITCH


===== PAGE 461 =====

&USE.AME 3YMBOL &USE2ATING #IRCUIT0ROTECTED !UDIO !6.AVIGATION(EAD5NIT 'LOVE"OX,AMP )GNITION+EY)LL$OOR7ARNING3WITCH ,UGGAGE,AMP &RONT6ANITY,AMP3WITCH,(2( 2OOM,AMP /VERHEAD#ONSOLE,AMP 2EAR0ERSONAL,AMP,(2( $OOR,OCK2ELAY $OOR5NLOCK2ELAY 0ANORAMA3UNROOF &RONT0OWER/UTLET#IGARETTE,IGHTER 2EAR0OWER/UTLET &RONT0OWER/UTLET 3TOP,AMP3WITCH 3MART+EY#ONTROL-ODULE 3ECURITY)NDICATOR 5)03ENSOR !##ONTROL-ODULE )NSTRUMENT#LUSTER 2AIN3ENSOR "#- )#-2ELAY"OX/UTSIDE-IRROR&OLDING5NFOLDING2ELAY 0ASSENGER3EAT-ANUAL3WITCH &RONT!IR6ENTILATION3EAT#ONTROL-ODULE &RONT3EAT7ARMER#ONTROL-ODULE 0#""LOCK&USE &&&& 0ANORAMA3UNROOF )#-2ELAY"OX2EAR&OG,AMP2ELAY !##ONTROL-ODULE


===== PAGE 462 =====

&USE.AME 3YMBOL &USE2ATING #IRCUIT0ROTECTED %#-'&* !##ONTROL-ODULE $RIVER0ASSENGER0OWER/UTSIDE-IRROR $RIVER3EAT-ANUAL3WITCH $RIVER3AFETY0OWER7INDOW-ODULE 0OWER7INDOW-AIN3WITCH 0ASSENGER0OWER7INDOW3WITCH,($ 0OWER7INDOW-AIN3WITCH 0ASSENGER0OWER7INDOW3WITCH2($


===== PAGE 463 =====

%NGINECOMPARTMENTFUSEPANEL )NSIDETHEFUSERELAYBOXCOVERS YOU CANFINDTHEFUSERELAYLABELDESCRIB INGFUSERELAYNAMEANDCAPACITY )NFORMATION Not all fuse panel descriptions in this manual may be applicable to your vehicle. It is accurate at the time of printing. When you inspect the fuse box on your vehicle, refer to the fuse box label.


===== PAGE 464 =====

Engine compartment main fuse panel 2ELAY.AME 3YMBOL 4YPE #OOLING&AN(IGH2ELAY 2EAR$EFOGGER2ELAY !#2ELAY 04#(EATER2ELAY 04#(EATER2ELAY 04#(EATER2ELAY "!(ORN2ELAY &RONT$EICER2ELAY #OOLING&AN,OW2ELAY &UEL&ILTER(EATER2ELAY 3TART2ELAY "LOWER2ELAY &UEL0UMP2ELAY


===== PAGE 465 =====

&USE.AME 3YMBOL &USERATING #IRCUIT0ROTECTED -$035NIT 3MART*UNCTION"LOCK!2)35 ,4)03#( )03#( )03#( )03#( &USE & 3MART*UNCTION"LOCK!2)35 ,4)03#( )03#( )03#( )03#( )03#( &USE &&&& 3MART*UNCTION"LOCK&USE &&&&& 0OWER7INDOW2ELAY&USE && %3##ONTROL-ODULE -ULTIPURPOSE#HECK#ONNECTOR %3##ONTROL-ODULE -ULTIPURPOSE#HECK#ONNECTOR ;7/3MART+EY=)GNITION3WITCH ;7ITH3MART+EY=0#""LOCK0$-)' 0$-!## 2ELAY ;7/3MART+EY=)GNITION3WITCH 2,93TART2ELAY ;7ITH3MART+EY=0#""LOCK0$-)' 2ELAY 3MART*UNCTION"LOCK&USE &&&&&& ,EAK#URRENT!UTOCUT$EVICE&USE &&& ;'.!=2,9#OOLING&AN(IGH2ELAY 2,9#OOLING&AN,OW2ELAY ;'&*$(!=2,9#OOLING&AN(IGH2ELAY 2,9#OOLING&AN,OW2ELAY


===== PAGE 466 =====

&USE.AME 3YMBOL &USERATING #IRCUIT0ROTECTED %2*UNCTION"LOCK2,9 0OWER4AIL'ATE-ODULE ;$(!=%2*UNCTION"LOCK2,9 %2*UNCTION"LOCK2,9 'LOW2ELAY5NIT %2*UNCTION"LOCK2,9 %2*UNCTION"LOCK2,9 %2*UNCTION"LOCK2,9


===== PAGE 467 =====

&USE.AME 3YMBOL &USERATING #IRCUIT0ROTECTED DCU .OT5SED DCU .OT5SED DCU .OT5SED ;7/3MART+EY=)GNITION3WITCH ;7ITH3MART+EY=0$-)' 2ELAY (ORN2ELAY .OT5SED ;'.!=/IL#ONTROL6ALVE 6ARIABLE)NTAKE3OLENOID6ALVE #AMSHAFT0OSITION3ENSOR 0URGE#ONTROL3OLENOID6ALVE %2*UNCTION"LOCK2,9 2,9 ;'&*=/IL#ONTROL6ALVE 0URGE#ONTROL3OLENOID6ALVE 2#6#ONTROL3OLENOID6ALVE %2*UNCTION"LOCK2,9 2,9 ;$(!=#RANKSHAFT0OSITION3ENSOR %'2#OOLING"YPASS3OLENOID6ALVE 3TOP,AMP3WITCH %2*UNCTION"LOCK2,9 2,9 ;'.!'&*=/XYGEN3ENSOR5P$OWN ;$(!=,AMBDA3ENSOR %LECTRONIC6'4!CTUATOR &UEL0RESSURE2EGULATING 6ALVE 0-0ARTICULATE-ATTER 3ENSOR %2*UNCTION"LOCK2,9


===== PAGE 468 =====

&USE.AME 3YMBOL &USERATING #IRCUIT0ROTECTED ;'.!=)GNITION#OIL #ONDENSER ;'&*=)GNITION#OIL ;'.!=)NJECTOR ;$(!=-ASS!IR&LOW3ENSOR /IL0UMP3OLENOID6ALVE %2*UNCTION"LOCK2,9 &RONT$EICER2ELAY %2*UNCTION"LOCK2,9 ;$(!='LOW2ELAY5NIT &UEL&ILTER7ARNING3ENSOR %2*UNCTION"LOCK2,9 "!(ORN2ELAY %3##ONTROL-ODULE


===== PAGE 469 =====

&USE.AME 3YMBOL &USERATING #IRCUIT0ROTECTED ;'&*=6ACUUM0UMP ;!4=4#- 4RANSAXLE2ANGE3WITCH ;-4="ACK 5P,AMP3WITCH ;!4=0#-4#- 4RANSAXLE2ANGE3WITCH ;-4="ACK 5P,AMP3WITCH &RONT7IPER(IGH,OW2ELAY "#- MODULE ;'.!'&*=%2*UNCTION"LOCK2,9 ;$(!=%2*UNCTION"LOCK2,9 2,9 2AIL0RESSURE2EGULATING6ALVE %NGINE#ONTROL2ELAY


===== PAGE 470 =====

5SE ONLY THE BULBS OF THE SPECIFIED WATTAGE 4HE HEADLAMP AND TAIL LAMP LENSES COULD APPEAR FROSTY IF THE VEHICLE IS WASHEDAFTERDRIVINGORTHEVEHICLEIS DRIVEN ATNIGHTIN WET WEATHER 4HIS CONDITION IS CAUSED BY TEMPERATURE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN THE LAMP INSIDE ANDOUTSIDEAND ITDOESNOTINDICATE A PROBLEM WITH YOUR VEHICLE 7HEN MOISTURE CONDENSES IN THE LAMP IT WILLBEREMOVEDAFTERDRIVINGWITHTHE HEADLAMP ON 4HE REMOVABLE LEVEL MAYDIFFER DEPENDINGON LAMPSIZE LAMP POSITION AND ENVIRONMENTAL CONDITION(OWEVER IFMOISTUREISNOT REMOVED WE RECOMMEND THAT YOUR VEHICLEISINSPECTEDBYANAUTHORIZED (95.$!)DEALER "ESURETOREPLACETHEBURNED OUT BULBWITHONEOFTHESAMEWATTAGE RATING /THERWISE IT MAY CAUSE DAMAGE TO THE FUSE OR ELECTRIC WIRINGSYSTEM )FYOUDONTHAVENECESSARYTOOLS THECORRECTBULBSANDTHE EXPERT ISE CONSULT AUTHORIZED (95.$!)DEALER)NMANYCASES ITISDIFFICULTTOREPLACEVEHICLELIGHT BULBS BECAUSE OTHER PARTS OF THE VEHICLE MUST BE REMOVED BEFORE YOU CAN GET TO THE BULB 4HIS IS ESPECIALLY TRUE IF YOU HAVE TO REMOVETHEHEADLAMPASSEMBLYTO GETTOTHEBULBS  2EMOVINGINSTALLINGTHEHEADLAMP ASSEMBLYCANRESULTINDAMAGETO THEVEHICLE 7ORKINGONTHELIGHTS 0RIORTOWORKINGONTHELIGHT FIRMLY APPLYTHEPARKINGBRAKE ENSURETHAT THE %NGINE 3TART3TOP BUTTON IS TURNEDTOTHE/&&POSITIONANDTURN OFFTHELIGHTSTOAVOIDSUDDENMOVE MENT OF THE VEHICLE AND BURNING YOURFINGERSORRECEIVINGANELECTRIC SHOCK


===== PAGE 471 =====

)NFORMATION (EADLAMPDES ICCANT IFEQUIPPED This vehicle is equipped with desiccant to reduce fogging inside the headlamp due to moisture. The desiccant is consumable and its performance may change based on the used period or environment. If fogging inside the headlamp due to moisture continues for a long time, we recommend that you consult an authorized HYUNDAI dealer. (EADLAMP ,OW"EAM!SSIST 3TATICLIGHT POSITIONLAMP TURN SIGNALLAMPANDFOGLAMPLIGHT BULBREPLACEMENT 4YPE!  (EADLAMP,OW  (EADLAMP(IGH  4URNSIGNALLAMP  0OSITIONLAMP  &OGLAMP  $AYTIMERUNNINGLAMP


===== PAGE 472 =====

Headlamp s !LWAYSHANDLETHEMCAREFULLY AND AVOID SCRATCHES AND ABRASIONS )F THEBULBSARELIT AVOIDCONTACTWITH LIQUIDS s .EVER TOUCH THE GLASS WITH BARE HANDS2ESIDUALOILMAYCAUSETHE BULBTOOVERHEATANDBURSTWHENLIT s ! BULB SHOULD BE OPERATED ONLY WHENINSTALLEDINAHEADLAMP s )F A BULB BECOMES DAMAGED OR CRACKED REPLACE IT IMMEDIATELY ANDCAREFULLYDISPOSEOFIT /PENTHEHOOD $ISCONNECT THE NEGATIVE BATTERY CABLE 2EMOVETHEBULBCOVERBYTURNING ITCOUNTERCLOCKWISE $ISCONNECT THE BULB SOCKET CON NECTOR 5NSNAPTHEBULBRETAININGWIREBY PRESSING THE END AND PUSHING IT UPWARD 2EMOVE THE BULB FROM THE HEAD LAMPASSEMBLY )NSTALL A NEW BULB AND SNAP THE BULBRETAININGWIREINTOPOSITIONBY ALIGNING THE WIRE WITH THE GROOVE ONTHEBULB s (ANDLEHALOGENBULBSWITHCARE (ALOGENBULBSCONTAINPRESSUR IZEDGASTHATWILLPRODUCEFLYING PIECESOFGLASSTHATCOULDCAUSE INJURIESIFBROKEN s 7EAR EYE PROTECTION WHEN CHANGINGABULB!LLOWTHEBULB TOCOOLDOWNBEFOREHANDLINGIT ■(IGH,OWBEAM (IGH


===== PAGE 473 =====

#ONNECT THE BULB SOCKET CONNEC TOR )NSTALLTHEBULBCOVERBYTURNINGIT CLOCKWISE )NFORMATION The headlamp aiming should be adjusted after an accident or after the headlamp assembly is reinstalled at an authorized HYUNDAI dealer. Turn signal lamp  /PENTHEHOOD  $ISCONNECT THE NEGATIVE BATTERY CABLE  2EMOVE THE SOCKET FROM THE ASSEMBLY BY TURNING THE SOCKET COUNTERCLOCKWISEUNTILTHETABSON THESOCKETALIGNWITHTHESLOTSON THEASSEMBLY  2EMOVETHEBULBFROMTHESOCKET BY PRESSING IT IN AND ROTATING IT COUNTERCLOCKWISEUNTILTHETABSON THEBULBALIGNWITHTHESLOTSINTHE SOCKET 0ULL THE BULB OUT OF THE SOCKET  )NSERT A NEW BULB BY INSERTING IT INTOTHESOCKETANDROTATINGITUNTIL ITLOCKSINTOPLACE  )NSTALLTHESOCKETINTHEASSEMBLY BYALIGNINGTHETABSONTHESOCKET WITHTHESLOTSINTHEASSEMBLY  0USHTHESOCKETINTOTHEASSEMBLY ANDTURNTHESOCKETCLOCKWISE 4URNSIGNALLAMP


===== PAGE 474 =====

Position lamp/Daytime running lamp )FTHE,%$LAMPDOESNOTOPERATE WE RECOMMENDTHATYOUHAVETHEVEHI CLE CHECKED BY AN AUTHORIZED (95.$!)DEALER 4YPE"  (EADLAMP,OW  (EADLAMP(IGH  4URNSIGNALLAMP  0OSITIONLAMP  &OGLAMP  $AYTIMERUNNINGLAMP  ,OW"EAM!SSIST 3TATICLIGHT Lamps )FTHE,%$LAMPDOESNOTOPERATE WE RECOMMENDTHATYOUHAVETHEVEHI CLE CHECKED BY AN AUTHORIZED (95.$!)DEALER


===== PAGE 475 =====

&RONTFOGLAMP ,OOSENTHEPIN TYPERETAINERSOFTHE UNDER COVER AND THEN REMOVE THE UNDERCOVER 2EACHYOURHANDINTOTHEBACKOFTHE FRONTBUMPER $ISCONNECT THE POWER CONNECTOR FROMTHESOCKET 2EMOVE THE BULB SOCKET FROM THE HOUSINGBYTURNINGTHESOCKETCOUN TERCLOCKWISE UNTIL THE TABS ON THE SOCKET ALIGN WITH THE SLOTS OF THE HOUSING )NSTALL A NEW BULB SOCKET INTO THE HOUSINGBYALIGNINGTHETABSONTHE SOCKETWITHTHESLOTSINTHEHOUSING 0USH THE SOCKET INTO THE HOUSING ANDTURNTHESOCKETCLOCKWISE 3IDEREPEATERLAMPREPLACEMENT )FTHE,%$LAMPDOESNOTOPERATE WE RECOMMENDTHATYOUHAVETHEVEHI CLE CHECKED BY AN AUTHORIZED (95.$!)DEALER


===== PAGE 476 =====

 4AIL3TOPLAMP 4AILLAMP  4URNSIGNALLAMP  4AILLAMP  2EARFOGLAMP  "ACKUPLAMP /UTSIDELAMP Turn signal lamp  4URNOFFTHEENGINE  /PENTHETAILGATE  ,OOSENTHELAMPASSEMBLYRETAIN INGSCREWSWITHACROSS TIPSCREW DRIVER  2EMOVE THE REAR COMBINATION LAMP ASSEMBLY FROM THE BODY OF THEVEHICLE 2EARCOMBINATIONLIGHTBULBREPLACEMENT


===== PAGE 477 =====

 2EMOVE THE SOCKET FROM THE ASSEMBLY BY TURNING THE SOCKET COUNTERCLOCKWISEUNTILTHETABSON THESOCKETALIGNWITHTHESLOTSON THEASSEMBLY  2EMOVETHEBULBFROMTHESOCKET BY PRESSING IT IN AND ROTATING IT COUNTERCLOCKWISEUNTILTHETABSON THEBULBALIGNWITHTHESLOTSINTHE SOCKET 0ULL THE BULB OUT OF THE SOCKET  )NSERT A NEW BULB BY INSERTING IT INTOTHESOCKETANDROTATINGITUNTIL ITLOCKSINTOPLACE  )NSTALLTHESOCKETINTHEASSEMBLY BYALIGNINGTHETABSONTHESOCKET WITHTHESLOTSINTHEASSEMBLY 0USHTHESOCKETINTOTHEASSEMBLY ANDTURNTHESOCKETCLOCKWISE  2EINSTALLTHELAMPASSEMBLYTOTHE BODYOFTHEVEHICLE Stop/tail lamp, Tail lamp (LED) )FTHE,%$LAMPDOESNOTOPERATE WE RECOMMENDTHATYOUHAVETHEVEHI CLE CHECKED BY AN AUTHORIZED (95.$!)DEALER )NSIDELAMP Back-up lamp  4URNOFFTHEENGINE  /PENTHETAILGATE  2EMOVETHESERVICECOVERUSINGA FLAT BLADESCREWDRIVER


===== PAGE 478 =====

 2EMOVE THE SOCKET FROM THE ASSEMBLY BY TURNING THE SOCKET COUNTERCLOCKWISEUNTILTHETABSON THESOCKETALIGNWITHTHESLOTSON THEASSEMBLY  0ULLTHEBULBOUTOFTHESOCKET  )NSERTANEWBULBINTOTHESOCKET  )NSTALLTHESOCKETINTOTHEASSEM BLY BY ALIGNING THE TABS ON THE SOCKET WITH THE SLOTS ON THE ASSEMBLY AND TURNING THE SOCKET CLOCKWISE  2EINSTALLTHELAMPASSEMBLYTOTHE BODYOFTHEVEHICLE Tail lamp, Rear fog lamp (LED) )FTHE,%$LAMPDOESNOTOPERATE WE RECOMMENDTHATYOUHAVETHEVEHI CLE CHECKED BY AN AUTHORIZED (95.$!)DEALER (IGHMOUNTEDSTOPLAMP REPLACEMENT )FTHEHIGHMOUNTEDSTOPLAMPDOES NOTOPERATE WERECOMMENDTHATYOU CONTACT AN AUTHORIZED (95.$!) DEALER


===== PAGE 479 =====

,ICENSEPLATELIGHTBULBREPLACE MENT  ,OOSENTHELENSRETAININGSCREWS WITHASCREWDRIVER  2EMOVETHELENS  2EMOVE THE BULB BY PULLING IT STRAIGHTOUT  )NSTALLANEWBULB  2EINSTALL THE LENS SECURELY WITH THELENSRETAININGSCREWS 4AILLAMP "ACK UPLAMP 2EARFOGLAMP


===== PAGE 480 =====

)NTERIORLIGHTBULBREPLACEMENT ■-APLAMP ■2OOMLAMP ■-APLAMP ■6ANITYMIRRORLAMP ■4AILGATEROOMLAMP ■2OOMLAMP -APLAMP 2OOMLAMP 6ANITYMIRRORLAMP 4AILGATEROOMLAMPAND GLOVEBOXLAMP -APLAMPAND2OOMLAMP ,%$TYPE )F THE ,%$ LAMP DOES NOT OPERATE HAVE THE VEHICLE CHECKED BY AN AUTHORIZED(95.$!)DEALER


===== PAGE 481 =====

 5SING A FLAT HEAD SCREWDRIVER GENTLYPRYTHELENSFROMTHEINTERI ORLIGHTHOUSING  2EMOVE THE BULB BY PULLING IT STRAIGHTOUT  )NSTALLANEWBULBINTHESOCKET  !LIGNTHELENSTABSWITHTHEINTERI ORLIGHTHOUSINGNOTCHESANDSNAP THELENSINTOPLACE )F THE LAMPS DO NOT OPERATING HAVE THEVEHICLECHECKEDBYANAUTHORIZED (95.$!)DEALER 5SECARENOTTODIRTYORDAMAGELENS ES LENSTABS ANDPLASTICHOUSINGS ■'LOVEBOXLAMP


===== PAGE 482 =====

%XTERIORCARE %XTERIORGENERALCAUTION )TISVERYIMPORTANTTOFOLLOWTHELABEL DIRECTIONSWHENUSINGANYCHEMICAL CLEANER OR POLISH 2EAD ALL WARNING ANDCAUTIONSTATEMENTSTHATAPPEAR ONTHELABEL &INISHMAINTENANCE Washing 4O HELP PROTECT YOUR VEHICLES FINISH FROM RUST AND DETERIORATION WASH IT THOROUGHLY AND FREQUENTLY AT LEAST ONCEAMONTHWITHLUKEWARMORCOLD WATER )F YOU USE YOUR VEHICLE FOR OFF ROAD DRIVING YOUSHOULDWASHITAFTEREACH OFF ROADTRIP0AYSPECIALATTENTIONTO THE REMOVAL OF ANY ACCUMULATION OF SALT DIRT MUD AND OTHER FOREIGN MATERIALS-AKESURETHEDRAINHOLES INTHELOWEREDGESOFTHEDOORSAND ROCKER PANELS ARE KEPT CLEAR AND CLEAN )NSECTS TAR TREESAP BIRDDROPPINGS INDUSTRIAL POLLUTION AND SIMILAR DEPOSITSCANDAMAGEYOURVEHICLES FINISHIFNOTREMOVEDIMMEDIATELY %VEN PROMPT WASHING WITH PLAIN WATERMAYNOTCOMPLETELYREMOVEALL THESEDEPOSITS !MILDSOAP SAFEFORUSEONPAINTED SURFACES MAYBEUSED !FTERWASHING RINSETHEVEHICLETHOR OUGHLYWITHLUKEWARMORCOLDWATER $ONOTALLOWSOAPTODRYONTHEFINISH s $ONOT USESTRONG SOAP CHEMI CALDETERGENTSORHOTWATER AND DONOTWASHTHEVEHICLEINDIRECT SUNLIGHTORWHENTHEBODYOFTHE VEHICLEISWARM s "E CAREFUL WHEN WASHING THE SIDEWINDOWSOFYOURVEHICLE %SPECIALLY WITH HIGH PRESSURE WATER WATER MAY LEAK THROUGH THEWINDOWSANDWETTHEINTERIOR s 4OPREVENTDAMAGETOTHEPLASTIC PARTS AND LAMPS DO NOT CLEAN WITHCHEMICALSOLVENTSORSTRONG DETERGENTS 7ETBRAKES !FTERWASHINGTHEVEHICLE TESTTHE BRAKESWHILEDRIVINGSLOWLYTOSEE IF THEY HAVE BEEN AFFECTED BY WATER )F BRAKING PERFORMANCE IS IMPAIRED DRYTHEBRAKESBYAPPLY INGTHEMLIGHTLYWHILEMAINTAINING ASLOWFORWARDSPEED


===== PAGE 483 =====

High-pressure washing s 7HEN USING HIGH PRESSURE WASH ERS MAKE SURE TO MAINTAIN SUFFI CIENTDISTANCEFROMTHEVEHICLE )NSUFFICIENTCLEARANCEOREXCESSIVE PRESSURE CAN LEAD TO COMPONENT DAMAGEORWATERPENETRATION s $ONOTSPRAYTHECAMERA SENSORS ORITSSURROUNDINGAREADIRECTLYWITH A HIGH PRESSURE WASHER 3HOCK APPLIED FROM HIGH PRESSURE WATER MAYCAUSETHEDEVICETONOTOPER ATENORMALLY s $ONOTBRINGTHENOZZLETIPCLOSETO BOOTSRUBBERORPLASTICCOVERS OR CONNECTORS AS THEY MAY BE DAM AGEDIFTHEYCOMEINTOCONTACTWITH HIGHPRESSUREWATER -ATTEPAINTFINISHVEHICLE IFEQUIPPED !UTOMATIC CAR WASH WHICH USES ROTATINGBRUSHESSHOULDNOTBEUSED AS THIS CAN DAMAGE THE SURFACE OF YOURVEHICLE!STEAMCLEANERWHICH WASHES THE VEHICLE SURFACE AT HIGH TEMPERATURE MAY RESULT THE OIL TO ADHEREANDLEAVESTAINSTHATISDIFFI CULTTOREMOVE 5SEASOFTCLOTHEGMICROFIBERTOWEL ORSPONGE WHENWASHINGYOURVEHI CLEANDDRY WITHA MICROFIBERTOWEL 7HENYOUHANDWASHYOURVEHICLE YOUSHOULDNOTUSEACLEANERTHATFIN ISHESWITHWAX)FTHEVEHICLESURFACE ISTOODIRTYSAND DIRT DUST CONTAMI NANT ETC CLEAN THE SURFACE WITH WATERBEFOREWASHINGTHECAR s 7ATER WASHING IN THE ENGINE COMPARTMENT INCLUDING HIGH PRESSURE WATER WASHING MAY CAUSETHEFAILUREOFELECTRICALCIR CUITSLOCATEDINTHEENGINECOM PARTMENT s .EVER ALLOW WATER OR OTHER LIQ UIDS TO COME IN CONTACT WITH ELECTRICALELECTRONICCOMPONENTS INSIDE THE VEHICLE AS THIS MAY DAMAGETHEM


===== PAGE 484 =====

Waxing 7AXTHEVEHICLEWHENWATERWILLNO LONGERBEADONTHEPAINT !LWAYS WASH AND DRY THE VEHICLE BEFORE WAXING 5SE A GOOD QUALITY LIQUID OR PASTE WAX AND FOLLOW THE MANUFACTURERS INSTRUCTIONS 7AX ALL METALTRIMTOPROTECTITANDTOMAIN TAINITSLUSTER2EMOVINGOIL TAR AND SIMILARMATERIALSWITHASPOTREMOVER WILLUSUALLYSTRIPTHEWAXFROMTHEFIN ISH "E SURE TO RE WAX THESE AREAS EVEN IF THE REST OF THE VEHICLE DOES NOTYETNEEDWAXING -ATTEPAINTFINISHVEHICLE IFEQUIPPED $ONOTUSEANYPOLISHPROTECTORSUCH AS A DETERGENT AN ABRASIVE AND A POLISH )N CASE WAX IS APPLIED REMOVETHEWAXIMMEDIATELYUSINGA SILICONREMOVERANDIFANYTARORTAR CONTAMINANTISONTHESURFACEUSEA TAR REMOVER TO CLEAN (OWEVER BE CAREFULNOTTOAPPLYTOOMUCHPRES SUREONTHEPAINTEDAREA &INISHDAMAGEREPAIR $EEPSCRATCHESORSTONECHIPSINTHE PAINTED SURFACE MUST BE REPAIRED PROMPTLY%XPOSEDMETALWILLQUICKLY RUST AND MAY DEVELOP INTO A MAJOR REPAIREXPENSE )F YOUR VEHICLE IS DAMAGED AND REQUIRESANYMETALREPAIRORREPLACE MENT BESURETHEBODYSHOPAPPLIES ANTI CORROSION MATERIALS TO THE PARTS REPAIREDORREPLACED -ATTEPAINTFINISHVEHICLE IFEQUIPPED )NCASEOFMATTEPAINTFINISHVEHICLES IT IS IMPOSSIBLE TO MODIFY ONLY THE DAMAGED AREA AND REPAIR OF THE WHOLEPARTISNECESSARY)FTHEVEHI CLE IS DAMAGED AND PAINTING IS REQUIRED WE RECOMMEND THAT YOU HAVE YOUR VEHICLE MAINTAINED AND REPAIREDBYANAUTHORIZED(95.$!) DEALER 4AKE EXTREME CARE AS IT IS DIFFICULTTORESTORETHEQUALITYAFTERTHE REPAIR s 7IPINGDUSTORDIRTOFFTHEBODY WITH ADRYCLOTHWILLSCRATCH THE FINISH s $ONOTUSESTEELWOOL ABRASIVE CLEANERS OR STRONG DETERGENTS CONTAINING HIGHLY ALKALINE OR CAUSTICAGENTSONCHROME PLATED OR ANODIZED ALUMINUM PARTS 4HISMAYRESULTINDAMAGETOTHE PROTECTIVECOATINGANDCAUSEDIS COLORATIONORPAINTDETERIORATION


===== PAGE 485 =====

"RIGHT METALMAINTENANCE s 4O REMOVE ROAD TAR AND INSECTS USEATARREMOVER NOTASCRAPEROR OTHERSHARPOBJECT s 4O PROTECT THE SURFACES OF BRIGHT METALPARTSFROMCORROSION APPLYA COATING OF WAX OR CHROME PRESER VATIVEANDRUBTOAHIGHLUSTER s $URINGWINTERWEATHERORINCOASTAL AREAS COVERTHEBRIGHTMETALPARTS WITH A HEAVIER COATING OF WAX OR PRESERVATIVE)FNECESSARY COATTHE PARTSWITHNON CORROSIVEPETROLEUM JELLYOROTHERPROTECTIVECOMPOUND 5NDERBODYMAINTENANCE #ORROSIVE MATERIALS USED FOR ICE AND SNOW REMOVAL AND DUST CONTROL MAY COLLECT ON THE UNDERBODY )F THESE MATERIALSARENOTREMOVED ACCELERAT ED RUSTING CAN OCCUR ON UNDERBODY PARTS SUCH AS THE FUEL LINES FRAME FLOOR PAN AND EXHAUST SYSTEM EVEN THOUGH THEY HAVE BEEN TREATED WITH RUSTPROTECTION 4HOROUGHLY FLUSH THE VEHICLE UNDER BODY AND WHEEL OPENINGS WITH LUKE WARMORCOLDWATERONCEAMONTH AFTER OFF ROADDRIVINGANDATTHEENDOFEACH WINTER 0AY SPECIAL ATTENTION TO THESE AREASBECAUSEITISDIFFICULTTOSEEALLTHE MUDANDDIRT)TWILLDOMOREHARMTHAN GOODTOWETDOWNTHEROADGRIMEWITH OUT REMOVING IT 4HE LOWER EDGES OF DOORS ROCKERPANELS ANDFRAMEMEM BERSHAVEDRAINHOLESTHATSHOULDNOT BE ALLOWED TO CLOG WITH DIRT TRAPPED WATERINTHESEAREASCANCAUSERUSTING !FTERWASHINGTHEVEHICLE TESTTHE BRAKESWHILEDRIVINGSLOWLYTOSEE IF THEY HAVE BEEN AFFECTED BY WATER )F BRAKING PERFORMANCE IS IMPAIRED DRYTHEBRAKESBYAPPLY INGTHEMLIGHTLYWHILEMAINTAININGA SLOWFORWARDSPEED


===== PAGE 486 =====

!LUMINUMWHEELMAINTENANCE 4HEALUMINUMWHEELSARECOATEDWITH ACLEARPROTECTIVEFINISH #ORROSIONPROTECTION Protecting your vehicle from corrosion "YUSINGTHEMOSTADVANCEDDESIGN ANDCONSTRUCTIONPRACTICESTOCOMBAT CORROSION WE PRODUCES CARS OF THE HIGHESTQUALITY(OWEVER THISISONLY PARTOFTHEJOB4OACHIEVETHELONG TERMCORROSIONRESISTANCEYOURVEHI CLECANDELIVER THEOWNERgSCOOPERA TIONANDASSISTANCEISALSOREQUIRED Common causes of corrosion 4HEMOSTCOMMONCAUSESOFCORRO SIONONYOURCARARE s 2OADSALT DIRTANDMOISTURETHATIS ALLOWEDTOACCUMULATEUNDERNEATH THECAR s 2EMOVAL OF PAINT OR PROTECTIVE COATINGS BY STONES GRAVEL ABRA SION OR MINOR SCRAPES AND DENTS WHICH LEAVE UNPROTECTED METAL EXPOSEDTOCORROSION High-corrosion areas )FYOULIVEINANAREAWHEREYOURCAR IS REGULARLY EXPOSED TO CORROSIVE MATERIALS CORROSION PROTECTION IS PARTICULARLY IMPORTANT 3OME OF THE COMMONCAUSESOFACCELERATEDCOR ROSION ARE ROAD SALTS DUST CONTROL CHEMICALS OCEAN AIR AND INDUSTRIAL POLLUTION Moisture breeds corrosion -OISTURE CREATES THE CONDITIONS IN WHICH CORROSION IS MOST LIKELY TO OCCUR &OR EXAMPLE CORROSION IS ACCELERATEDBYHIGHHUMIDITY PARTIC ULARLY WHEN TEMPERATURES ARE JUST ABOVE FREEZING )N SUCH CONDITIONS THECORROSIVEMATERIALISKEPTINCON TACTWITHTHECARSURFACESBYMOISTURE THATISSLOWTOEVAPORATE PARTICULARLY CORROSIVE BECAUSEITISSLOWTODRYANDHOLDS MOISTUREINCONTACTWITHTHEVEHICLE !LTHOUGHTHEMUDAPPEARSTOBEDRY IT CAN STILL RETAIN THE MOISTURE AND PROMOTECORROSION s $ONOTUSEANYABRASIVECLEAN ER POLISHINGCOMPOUND SOLVENT OR WIRE BRUSHES ON ALUMINUM WHEELS s #LEAN THE WHEEL WHEN IT HAS COOLED s 5SEONLYAMILDSOAPORNEUTRAL DETERGENT ANDRINSETHOROUGHLY WITH WATER !LSO BE SURE TO CLEANTHEWHEELSAFTERDRIVINGON SALTEDROADS s $O NOT WASH THE WHEELS WITH HIGH SPEEDCARWASHBRUSHES s $O NOT USE ANY CLEANSER CON TAINING ACID OR ALKALINE DETER GENTS


===== PAGE 487 =====

(IGHTEMPERATURESCANALSOACCELER ATE CORROSION OF PARTS THAT ARE NOT PROPERLY VENTILATED SO THE MOISTURE CANBEDISPERSED&ORALLTHESEREA SONS IT IS PARTICULARLY IMPORTANT TO KEEPYOURCARCLEANANDFREEOFMUD ORACCUMULATIONSOFOTHERMATERIALS 4HIS APPLIES NOT ONLY TO THE VISIBLE SURFACES BUT PARTICULARLY TO THE UNDERSIDEOFTHECAR To help prevent corrosion 9OUCANHELPPREVENTCORROSIONFROM GETTINGSTARTEDBYOBSERVINGTHEFOL LOWING +EEPYOURCARCLEAN 4HEBESTWAYTOPREVENTCORROSIONIS TO KEEP YOUR CAR CLEAN AND FREE OF CORROSIVE MATERIALS !TTENTION TO THE UNDERSIDE OF THE CAR IS PARTICULARLY IMPORTANT s )FYOULIVEINAHIGH CORROSIONAREA WHEREROADSALTSAREUSED NEAR THE OCEAN AREAS WITH INDUSTRIAL POLLUTION ACID RAIN ETC YOU SHOULD TAKE EXTRA CARE TO PREVENT CORROSION )N WINTER HOSE OFF THE UNDERSIDEOFYOURCARATLEASTONCE AMONTHANDBESURETOCLEANTHE UNDERSIDE THOROUGHLY WHEN WINTER ISOVER s 7HENCLEANINGUNDERNEATHTHECAR GIVE PARTICULAR ATTENTION TO THE COMPONENTSUNDERTHEFENDERSAND OTHER AREAS THAT ARE HIDDEN FROM VIEW$OATHOROUGHJOBJUSTDAMP ENINGTHEACCUMULATEDMUDRATHER THANWASHINGITAWAYWILLACCELER ATECORROSIONRATHERTHANPREVENT IT7ATERUNDERHIGHPRESSUREAND STEAM ARE PARTICULARLY EFFECTIVE IN REMOVING ACCUMULATED MUD AND CORROSIVEMATERIALS s 7HENCLEANINGLOWERDOORPANELS ROCKER PANELS AND FRAME MEM BERS BESURETHATDRAINHOLESARE KEPT OPEN SO THAT MOISTURE CAN ESCAPEANDNOTBETRAPPEDINSIDE TOACCELERATECORROSION +EEPYOURGARAGEDRY $ONgTPARKYOURCARINADAMP POOR LY VENTILATED GARAGE4HIS CREATES A FAVORABLEENVIRONMENTFORCORROSION 4HIS IS PARTICULARLY TRUE IF YOU WASH YOURCARINTHEGARAGEORDRIVEITINTO THEGARAGEWHENITISSTILLWETORCOV EREDWITHSNOW ICEORMUD%VENA HEATEDGARAGECANCONTRIBUTETOCOR ROSIONUNLESSITISWELLVENTILATEDSO MOISTUREISDISPERSED


===== PAGE 488 =====

+EEP PAINT AND TRIM IN GOOD CONDI TION 3CRATCHES OR CHIPS IN THE FINISH SHOULD BE COVERED WITH TOUCH UP PAINTASSOONASPOSSIBLETOREDUCE THE POSSIBILITY OF CORROSION )F BARE METALISSHOWINGTHROUGH THEATTEN TION OF A QUALIFIED BODY AND PAINT SHOPISRECOMMENDED "IRD DROPPINGS  "IRD DROPPINGS ARE HIGHLY CORROSIVE AND MAY DAMAGE PAINTEDSURFACESINJUSTAFEWHOURS !LWAYS REMOVE BIRD DROPPINGS AS SOONASPOSSIBLE $ONgTNEGLECTTHEINTERIOR -OISTURECANCOLLECTUNDERTHEFLOOR MATS AND CARPETING TO CAUSE CORRO SION#HECKUNDERTHEMATSPERIODI CALLYTOBESURETHECARPETINGISDRY 5SEPARTICULARCAREIFYOUCARRYFERTIL IZERS CLEANING MATERIALS OR CHEMI CALSINTHECAR 4HESE SHOULD BE CARRIED ONLY IN PROPER CONTAINERS AND ANY SPILLS OR LEAKSSHOULDBECLEANEDUP FLUSHED WITH CLEAN WATER AND THOROUGHLY DRIED )NTERIORCARE )NTERIORGENERALPRECAUTIONS 0REVENTCHEMICALSSUCHASPERFUME COSMETICOIL SUNCREAM HANDCLEAN ERANDAIRFRESHENERFROMCONTACTING THEINTERIORPARTSBECAUSETHEYMAY CAUSE DAMAGE OR DISCOLORATION )F THEY DO CONTACT THE INTERIOR PARTS WIPETHEMOFFIMMEDIATELY 3EE THE INSTRUCTIONS THAT FOLLOW FOR THEPROPERWAYTOCLEANVINYL 7HEN CLEANING LEATHER PRODUCTS STEERING WHEEL SEATS ETC USE NEUTRAL DETERGENTS OR LOW ALCOHOL CONTENTSOLUTIONS)FYOUUSEHIGH ALCOHOL CONTENT SOLUTIONS ACIDALKALINEDETERGENTS THECOLOR OFTHELEATHERMAYFADEORTHESUR FACEMAYGETSTRIPPEDOFF .EVERALLOWWATEROROTHERLIQUIDS TO COME IN CONTACT WITH ELECTRI CALELECTRONIC COMPONENTS INSIDE THE VEHICLE AS THIS MAY DAMAGE THEM


===== PAGE 489 =====

#LEANINGTHEUPHOLSTERYANDINTERI ORTRIM Vinyl (if equipped) 2EMOVE DUST AND LOOSE DIRT FROM VINYLWITHAWHISKBROOMORVACUUM CLEANER#LEANVINYLSURFACESWITHA VINYLCLEANER Fabric (if equipped) 2EMOVEDUSTANDLOOSEDIRTFROMFAB RIC WITH A WHISK BROOM OR VACUUM CLEANER#LEANWITHAMILDSOAPSOLU TIONRECOMMENDEDFORUPHOLSTERYOR CARPETS2EMOVEFRESHSPOTSIMME DIATELY WITH A FABRIC SPOT CLEANER )F FRESHSPOTSDONOTRECEIVEIMMEDIATE ATTENTION THE FABRIC CAN BE STAINED ANDITSCOLORCANBEAFFECTED!LSO ITS FIRE RESISTANT PROPERTIES CAN BE REDUCEDIFTHEMATERIALISNOTPROPER LYMAINTAINED Leather (if equipped) s &EATUREOF3EAT,EATHER ,EATHER IS MADE FROM THE OUTER SKIN OF AN ANIMAL WHICH GOES THROUGH A SPECIAL PROCESS TO BE AVAILABLEFORUSE3INCEITISANAT URAL OBJECT EACH PART DIFFERS IN THICKNESSORDENSITY 7RINKLESMAYAPPEARASANATURAL RESULTOFSTRETCHINGANDSHRINKING DEPENDING ON THE TEMPERATURE ANDHUMIDITY 4HE SEAT IS MADE OF STRETCHABLE FABRICTOIMPROVECOMFORT 4HEPARTSCONTACTINGTHEBODYARE CURVED AND THE SIDE SUPPORTING AREAISHIGHWHICHPROVIDESDRIV INGCOMFORTANDSTABILITY 7RINKLES MAY APPEAR NATURALLY FROMUSAGE)TISNOTAFAULTOFTHE PRODUCTS 5SING ANYTHING BUT RECOMMENDED CLEANERS AND PROCEDURES MAY AFFECTTHEFABRICSAPPEARANCEAND FIRE RESISTANTPROPERTIES s 7RINKLES OR ABRASIONS WHICH APPEARNATURALLYFROMUSAGEARE NOTCOVEREDBYWARRANTY s "ELTS WITH METALLIC ACCESSORIES ZIPPERSORKEYSINSIDETHEBACK POCKET MAY DAMAGE THE SEAT FABRIC s -AKESURENOTTOWETTHESEAT)T MAYCHANGETHENATUREOFNATU RALLEATHER s *EANS OR CLOTHES WHICH COULD BLEACH MAY CONTAMINATE THE SURFACEOFTHESEATCOVERINGFAB RIC


===== PAGE 490 =====

s #ARINGFORTHELEATHERSEATS 6ACUUM THE SEAT PERIODICALLY TO REMOVEDUSTANDSANDONTHESEAT )TWILLPREVENTABRASIONORDAMAGE OFTHELEATHERANDMAINTAINITSQUAL ITY 7IPETHENATURALLEATHERSEATCOVER OFTENWITHDRYORSOFTCLOTH 5SE OF PROPER LEATHER PROTECTIVE MAYPREVENTABRASIONOFTHECOVER AND HELPS MAINTAIN THE COLOR "E SURE TO READ THE INSTRUCTIONS AND CONSULT A SPECIALIST WHEN USING LEATHERCOATINGORPROTECTIVEAGENT ,IGHTCOLOREDBEIGE CREAMBEIGE LEATHERISEASILYCONTAMINATEDAND THE STAIN IS NOTICEABLE #LEAN THE SEATSFREQUENTLY !VOIDWIPINGWITHWETCLOTH)TMAY CAUSETHESURFACETOCRACK s #LEANINGTHELEATHERSEATS 2EMOVEALLCONTAMINATIONSINSTANT LY 2EFER TO INSTRUCTIONS BELOW FOR REMOVALOFEACHCONTAMINANT #OSMETIC PRODUCTS SUNSCREEN FOUNDATION ETC !PPLYCLEANSINGCREAMONACLOTH AND WIPE THE CONTAMINATE SPOT 7IPEOFFTHECREAMWITHAWETCLOTH ANDREMOVEWATERWITHADRYCLOTH "EVERAGESCOFFEE SOFTDRINK ETC !PPLY A SMALL AMOUNT OF NEUTRAL DETERGENTANDWIPEUNTILCONTAMI NATIONSDONOTSMEAR 2EMOVE OIL INSTANTLY WITH ABSORBABLE CLOTH AND WIPE WITH STAINREMOVERUSEDONLYFORNATU RALLEATHER #HEWINGGUM (ARDEN THE GUM WITH ICE AND REMOVEGRADUALLY #LEANINGTHELAPSHOULDERBELT WEBBING #LEANTHEBELTWEBBINGWITHANYMILD SOAP SOLUTION RECOMMENDED FOR CLEANINGUPHOLSTERYORCARPET&OLLOW THE INSTRUCTIONS PROVIDED WITH THE SOAP $O NOT BLEACH OR RE DYE THE WEBBINGBECAUSETHISMAYWEAKENIT #LEANINGTHEINTERIORWINDOWGLASS )F THE INTERIOR GLASS SURFACES OF THE VEHICLEBECOMEFOGGEDTHATIS COV ERED WITH AN OILY GREASY OR WAXY FILM THEY SHOULD BE CLEANED WITH GLASS CLEANER &OLLOW THE DIRECTIONS ONTHEGLASSCLEANERCONTAINER $O NOT SCRAPE OR SCRATCH THE INSIDE OF THE REAR WINDOW 4HIS MAYRESULTINDAMAGETOTHEREAR WINDOWDEFROSTERGRID


===== PAGE 491 =====

4HEEMISSIONCONTROLSYSTEMOFYOUR VEHICLEISCOVEREDBYAWRITTENLIMITED WARRANTY 0LEASE SEE THE WARRANTY INFORMATIONCONTAINEDINTHE3ERVICE 0ASSPORTINYOURVEHICLE 9OUR VEHICLE IS EQUIPPED WITH AN EMISSIONCONTROLSYSTEMTOMEETALL EMISSIONREGULATIONS 4HERE ARE THREE EMISSION CONTROL SYSTEMSWHICHAREASFOLLOWS  #RANKCASEEMISSIONCONTROLSYS TEM  %VAPORATIVEEMISSIONCONTROLSYS TEM  %XHAUSTEMISSIONCONTROLSYSTEM )NORDERTOASSURETHEPROPERFUNCTION OFTHEEMISSIONCONTROLSYSTEMS ITIS RECOMMENDED THAT YOU HAVE YOUR CARINSPECTEDANDMAINTAINEDBYAN AUTHORIZED (95.$!) DEALER IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE MAINTENANCE SCHEDULEINTHISMANUAL #RANKCASEEMISSIONCONTROL SYSTEM 4HE POSITIVE CRANKCASE VENTILATION SYSTEM IS EMPLOYED TO PREVENT AIR POLLUTION CAUSED BY BLOW BY GASES BEING EMITTED FROM THE CRANKCASE 4HISSYSTEMSUPPLIESFRESHFILTEREDAIR TO THE CRANKCASE THROUGH THE AIR INTAKE HOSE )NSIDE THE CRANKCASE THE FRESH AIR MIXES WITH BLOW BY GASES WHICHTHENPASSTHROUGHTHE 0#6VALVEINTOTHEINDUCTIONSYSTEM %VAPORATIVEEMISSIONCONTROL SYSTEM 4HE %VAPORATIVE %MISSION #ONTROL 3YSTEM IS DESIGNED TO PREVENT FUEL VAPORSFROMESCAPINGINTOTHEATMOS PHERE &ORTHE)NSPECTIONAND-AINTENANCE 4EST 7ITH %LECTRONIC 3TABILITY #ONTROL%3# SYSTEM s 4OPREVENTTHEVEHICLEFROMMIS FIRINGDURINGDYNAMOMETERTEST ING TURNTHE%LECTRONIC3TABILITY #ONTROL %3# SYSTEM OFF BY PRESSINGTHE%3#SWITCH s !FTER DYNAMOMETER TESTING IS COMPLETED TURNTHE%3#SYSTEM BACK ON BY PRESSING THE %3# SWITCHAGAIN


===== PAGE 492 =====

#ANISTER &UELVAPORSGENERATEDINSIDETHEFUEL TANKAREABSORBEDANDSTOREDINTHE ONBOARDCANISTER7HENTHEENGINEIS RUNNING THEFUELVAPORSABSORBEDIN THECANISTERAREDRAWNINTOTHESURGE TANKTHROUGHTHEPURGECONTROLSOLE NOIDVALVE 0URGE#ONTROL3OLENOID6ALVE 4HE PURGE CONTROL SOLENOID VALVE IS CONTROLLED BY THE %NGINE #ONTROL -ODULE %#-  WHEN THE ENGINE COOLANT TEMPERATURE IS LOW DURING IDLING THE0#36CLOSESSOTHATEVAP ORATED FUEL IS NOT TAKEN INTO THE ENGINE !FTER THE ENGINE WARMS UP DURING ORDINARY DRIVING THE 0#36 OPENSTOINTRODUCEEVAPORATEDFUELTO THEENGINE %XHAUSTEMISSIONCONTROL SYSTEM 4HE %XHAUST %MISSION #ONTROL 3YSTEM IS A HIGHLY EFFECTIVE SYSTEM WHICH CONTROLS EXHAUST EMISSIONS WHILE MAINTAINING GOOD VEHICLE PER FORMANCE 6EHICLEMODIFICATIONS 4HISVEHICLESHOULDNOTBEMODIFIED -ODIFICATION OF YOUR VEHICLE COULD AFFECT ITS PERFORMANCE SAFETY OR DURABILITYANDMAYEVENVIOLATEGOV ERNMENTALSAFETYANDEMISSIONSREG ULATIONS )NADDITION DAMAGEORPERFORMANCE PROBLEMS RESULTING FROM ANY MODIFI CATION MAY NOT BE COVERED UNDER WARRANTY s )FYOUUSEUNAUTHORIZEDELECTRONIC DEVICES ITMAYCAUSETHEVEHICLETO OPERATEABNORMALLY WIREDAMAGE BATTERYDISCHARGEANDFIRE&ORYOUR SAFETY DO NOT USE UNAUTHORIZED ELECTRONICDEVICES %NGINEEXHAUSTGASPRECAUTIONS CARBONMONOXIDE s #ARBON MONOXIDE CAN BE PRESENT WITH OTHER EXHAUST FUMES 4HEREFORE IF YOU SMELL EXHAUST FUMESOFANYKINDINSIDEYOURVEHI CLE HAVEITINSPECTEDANDREPAIRED IMMEDIATELY )F YOU EVER SUSPECT EXHAUST FUMES ARE COMING INTO YOUR VEHICLE DRIVE IT ONLY WITH ALL THEWINDOWSFULLYOPEN(AVEYOUR VEHICLE CHECKED AND REPAIRED IMMEDIATELY


===== PAGE 493 =====

s $ONOTOPERATETHEENGINEINCON FINED OR CLOSED AREAS SUCH AS GARAGES ANY MORE THAN WHAT IS NECESSARYTOMOVETHEVEHICLEINOR OUTOFTHEAREA s 7HENTHEVEHICLEISSTOPPEDINAN OPEN AREA FOR MORE THAN A SHORT TIME WITH THE ENGINE RUNNING ADJUST THE VENTILATION SYSTEM AS NEEDED TODRAWOUTSIDEAIRINTOTHE VEHICLE s .EVER SIT IN A PARKED OR STOPPED VEHICLEFORANYEXTENDEDTIMEWITH THEENGINERUNNING s 7HEN THE ENGINE STALLS OR FAILS TO START EXCESSIVEATTEMPTSTORESTART THEENGINEMAYCAUSEDAMAGETO THEEMISSIONCONTROLSYSTEM /PERATINGPRECAUTIONSFORCATALYTIC CONVERTERSIFEQUIPPED %XHAUST %NGINE EXHAUST GASES CONTAIN CARBON MONOXIDE #/  4HOUGH COLORLESS AND ODORLESS IT IS DAN GEROUS AND COULD BE LETHAL IF INHALED &OLLOW THE INSTRUCTIONS FOLLOWINGTOAVOID#/POISONING &IRE s !HOTEXHAUSTSYSTEMCANIGNITE FLAMMABLE ITEMS UNDER YOUR VEHICLE $O NOT PARK IDLE OR DRIVE THE VEHICLE OVER OR NEAR FLAMMABLEOBJECTS SUCHASDRY GRASS PAPER LEAVES ETC s 4HEEXHAUSTSYSTEMANDCATALYT ICSYSTEMAREVERYHOTWHILETHE ENGINEISRUNNINGORIMMEDIATE LYAFTERTHEENGINEISTURNEDOFF +EEP AWAY FROM THE EXHAUST SYSTEM AND CATALYTIC YOU MAY GETBURNED !LSO DO NOT REMOVE THE HEAT SINKAROUNDTHEEXHAUSTSYSTEM DO NOT SEAL THE BOTTOM OF THE VEHICLEORDONOTCOATTHEVEHI CLEFORCORROSIONCONTROL)TMAY PRESENTAFIRERISKUNDERCERTAIN CONDITIONS


===== PAGE 494 =====

9OURVEHICLEISEQUIPPEDWITHACAT ALYTIC CONVERTER EMISSION CONTROL DEVICE 4HEREFORE THEFOLLOWINGPRECAUTIONS MUSTBEOBSERVED &AILURE TO OBSERVE THESE PRECAUTIONS COULDRESULTINDAMAGETOTHECATALYTIC CONVERTERANDTOYOURVEHICLE !DDITIONALLY SUCH ACTIONS COULD VOID YOURWARRANTIES s 5SEONLY5.,%!$%$&5%,FOR PETROLENGINE s $ONOTOPERATETHEVEHICLEWHEN THERE ARE SIGNS OF ENGINE MAL FUNCTION SUCH AS MISFIRE OR A NOTICEABLELOSSOFPERFORMANCE s $O NOT MISUSE OR ABUSE THE ENGINE%XAMPLESOFMISUSEARE COASTINGWITHTHEIGNITIONOFFAND DESCENDING STEEP GRADES IN GEARWITHTHEIGNITIONOFF s $O NOT OPERATE THE ENGINE AT HIGH IDLE SPEED FOR EXTENDED PERIODSMINUTESORMORE  s $O NOT MODIFY OR TAMPER WITH ANYPARTOFTHEENGINEOREMIS SIONCONTROLSYSTEM!LLINSPEC TIONS AND ADJUSTMENTS MUST BE MADE AUTHORIZED (95.$!)DEALER s !VOIDDRIVINGWITHAVERYLOWFUEL LEVEL)FYOURUNOUTOFPETROL IT COULDCAUSETHEENGINETOMIS FIREANDRESULTINEXCESSIVELOAD INGOFTHECATALYTICCONVERTER


===== PAGE 495 =====

0ETROL0ARTICULATE&ILTER'0& IF EQUIPPED 4HE 0ETROL 0ARTICULATE &ILTER '0& SYSTEM REMOVES THE SOOT IN THE EXHAUSTGAS 4HE'0&SYSTEMAUTOMATICALLYBURNS OROXIDIZES THEACCUMULATEDSOOTIN ACCORDANCE WITH DRIVING SITUATIONS UNLIKEADISPOSABLEAIRFILTER )NOTHERWORDS THEACCUMULATEDSOOT IS AUTOMATICALLY PURGED OUT BY THE ENGINECONTROLSYSTEMANDBYTHEHIGH EXHAUST GAS TEMPERATURE AT NORMAL HIGHDRIVINGSPEEDS (OWEVER WHENTHEVEHICLEISCONTINU ALLYDRIVENATREPEATEDSHORTDISTANCES ORDRIVENATLOWSPEEDFORALONGTIME THE ACCUMULATED SOOT MAY NOT BE AUTOMATICALLYREMOVEDBECAUSEOFLOW EXHAUSTGASTEMPERATURE)NTHISCASE THE ACCUMULATED SOOT MAY REACH A CERTAINAMOUNTREGARDLESSOFTHESOOT OXIDIZATION PROCESS THEN THE '0& LAMPWILLILLUMINATE 4HE 0ETROL 0ARTICULATE &ILTER '0& ,AMP STOPS ILLUMINATING WHEN THE DRIVING SPEED EXCEEDS  KMH  MPH WITHENGINERPM ^  AND THE GEAR IN THE RD POSITION OR ABOVEFORAPPROXIMATELYMINUTES 7HENTHE'0&LAMPSTARTSTOBLINKOR THEWANINGMESSAGEh#HECKEXHAUST SYSTEMv POPS UP EVEN THOUGH THE VEHICLE WAS DRIVEN AS MENTIONED ABOVE WERECOMMENDTHATYOUHAVE THE '0& SYSTEM CHECKED BY AN AUTHORIZED(95.$!)DEALER 7ITH THE '0& LAMP BLINKING FOR AN EXTENDEDPERIODOFTIME ITMAYDAM AGETHE'0&SYSTEMANDLOWERTHE FUELECONOMY 0ETROL&UEL IFEQUIPPEDWITH'0& 7E RECOMMEND YOU TO USE ONLY THE REGULATED PETROL FUELS WHEN YOURVEHICLEISEQUIPPEDWITHTHE '0&SYSTEM 7HEN YOU USE OTHER PETROL FUELS WHICH CONTAIN UNSPECIFIED ADDI TIVES THEYMAYDAMAGETHE'0& SYSTEMANDCAUSEEXHAUSTEMIS SIONPROBLEMS


===== PAGE 496 =====

$IESELPARTICULATEFILTER$0& IFEQUIPPED 4HE $IESEL 0ARTICULATE &ILTER $0& SYSTEM REMOVES THE SOOT IN THE EXHAUSTGAS5NLIKEADISPOSABLEAIR FILTER THE $0& SYSTEM AUTOMATICALLY BURNS OXIDIZES AND REMOVES THE ACCUMULATED SOOT ACCORDING TO THE DRIVINGCONDITION)NORDERWORDS THE ACTIVEBURNINGBYENGINECONTROLSYS TEMANDHIGHEXHAUSTGASTEMPERA TURE CAUSED BY NORMALHIGH DIVING CONDITION BURNS AND REMOVES THE ACCUMULATEDSOOT (OWEVER IFTHEVEHICLECONTINUESTO BEDRIVENATREPEATEDSHORTDISTANCE OR DRIVEN AT LOW SPEED FOR A LONG TIME THEACCUMULATEDSOOTMAYNOT BE AUTOMATICALLY REMOVED BECAUSE OF LOW EXHAUST GAS TEMPERATURE -ORETHANACERTAINAMOUNTOFSOOT DEPOSITED THE MALFUNCTION INDICATOR LIGHT ILLUMINATES 7HENTHEMALFUNCTIONINDICATORLIGHT ILLUMINATES ITMAYTURN OFFAFTERDRIV INGTHEVEHICLEATMORETHANKMH  MPH OR AT MORE THAN SECOND GEARWITH^ENGINERPMFOR ACERTAINTIMEFORABOUTMINUTES  )F THE MALFUNCTION INDICATOR LIGHT CONTINUESTOBEBLINKEDORTHE WARNING MASSAGE h#HECK EXHAUST SYSTEMv ILLUMINATES IN SPITE OF THE PROCEDURE VISITAPROFESSIONALWORK SHOP AND CHECK THE $0& SYSTEM (95.$!) RECOMMENDS TO VISIT AN AUTHORIZED(95.$!)DEALER )FYOUCONTINUETODRIVEWITHTHEMAL FUNCTIONINDICATORLIGHTBLINKINGFORA LONG TIME THE $0& SYSTEM CAN BE DAMAGEDANDFUELCONSUMPTIONCAN BEWORSENANDTHEENGINEDURABILITY CANBEWORSENBYOILDILUTION $IESEL&UEL IFEQUIPPEDWITH$0& 7E RECOMMEND YOU TO USE ONLY THE REGULATED DIESEL FUELS WHEN YOURVEHICLEISEQUIPPEDWITHTHE $0&SYSTEM 7HEN YOU USE OTHER DIESEL FUELS WHICHISHIGHINSULFURSABOVE PPM ORCONTAINSUNSPECIFIEDADDI TIVES ITMAYDAMAGETHE$0&SYS TEM AND CAUSE THE WHITE SMOKE EMISSION


===== PAGE 497 =====

,EAN./X4RAPIFEQUIPPED 4HE ,EAN ./X 4RAP ,.4 SYSTEM REMOVES THE NITROGEN OXIDE IN THE EXHAUSTGAS4HESMELLCANOCCURIN THE EXHAUST GAS DEPENDING ON THE QUALITYOFTHEFUELANDITCANDEGRADE ./X REDUCTION PERFORMANCE PLEASE USETHEREGULATEDAUTOMOTIVEDIESEL FUEL 3ELECTIVE#ATALYTIC2EDUCTIONIF EQUIPPED 4HE 3ELECTIVE #ATALYTIC 2EDUCTION 3#2 SYSTEMISTOCATALYTICALLYCON VERT ./X TO .ITROGEN AND7ATER BY USING THE REDUCTION AGENT THE UREA SOLUTION 5REAGAUGEIFEQUIPPED 4HE UREA SOLUTION GAUGE INDICATES THE APPROXIMATE AMOUNT OF REMAIN ING UREA SOLUTION INSIDE THE UREA SOLUTIONTANK ■4YPE! ■4YPE"


===== PAGE 498 =====

,OWUREAWARNINGMESSAGE IFEQUIPPED 4HELACKWARNINGMESSAGESOF5REA APPEAR BELOW 5REA  LITER 7HEN THEWARNINGMESSAGE,OW5REAIS DISPLAYED WITH 3#2 WARNING LAMP THE UREA TANK NEEDS TO BE REFILLED)FNOTREFILLEDFORACONSIDER ABLEMILEAGE VISUALWARNINGSYSTEM WILLESCALATETHEINTENSITYBYDISPLAY ING THE MESSAGE 2EFILL 5REA WITH 3#2WARNINGLAMP )NTHISCASE THETANKSOONNEEDSTO BEREFILLED4HEREMAININGUREAINTHE TANKAPPROACHESTOTOOLOWLEVELTHE WARNING MESSAGE 2EFILL 5REA IN KMORVEHICLEWILLNOTSTARTWITH 3#2 WARNING LAMP   XXX KMMILE  REPRESENTS THE REMAINING TRAVEL DISTANCE ALLOWED SO DO NOT CONTINUE DRIVING TO THE LIMIT OF THE REMAINING TRAVEL DISTANCE WITHOUT REFILLING /THERWISE THE VEHICLE CANgT BE RESTARTEDONCETHEENGINEISTURNED OFFBYIGNITIONKEY"ASEDONTHEDRIV INGPATTERN ENVIRONMENTALCONDITION AND ROAD PROFILE THE DEDUCTED REMAINING MILEAGE MAY DIFFER FROM THEACTUALTRAVELDISTANCE 7HEN ,OW 5REA OR 2EFILL 5REA MESSAGEISDISPLAYED ADDATLEAST LITERS OF UREA 7HEN 2EFILL 5REA IN KMORVEHICLEWILLNOTSTARTMES SAGEISDISPLAYED FILLUPUREAATLEAST  LITERS 7HEN 2EFILL 5REA TANK OR VEHICLEWILLNOTSTARTMESSAGEISDIS PLAYEDWITH3#2WARNINGLAMP THE VEHICLE CANgT BE RESTARTED ONCE THE ENGINE IS TURNED OFF BY IGNITION KEY&ORTHEABOVECASES FULLREPLEN ISHMENTISALWAYSRECOMMENDED


===== PAGE 499 =====

-ALFUNCTIONWITHTHE3#2SYSTEMIFEQUIPPED 5PONDETECTINGAMALFUNCTION $RIVINGKMAFTERDETECTING AMALFUNCTION 5REASYSTEMFAILURE  NOFUELINJECTION )NCORRECTUREADETECTED  ABNORMALUREA !BNORMALUREA SOLUTION CONSUMPTION  POSTTREATMENTFAILURE 3#2SYSTEMHASMALFUNCTIONDUETODISCONNECTEDELECTRICALCOMPONENTS INCORRECTUREAANDSOON XXXKMMILE REPRESENTSTHEREMAININGTRAVELDISTANCEALLOWED SODONOTCONTINUEDRIVINGTOTHELIMITOFTHEREMAIN INGTRAVELDISTANCEWITHOUTFIXINGTHESOURCEOFTHEMALFUNCTION/THERWISE THEVEHICLECANgTBERESTARTEDONCETHE ENGINEISTURNEDOFFBYIGNITIONKEY)NTHISCASE WERECOMMENDTHATTHESYSTEMBEINSPECTEDBYANAUTHORIZED (95.$!)DEALER


===== PAGE 500 =====

/NCE THE INDUCEMENT SYSTEM REACHEDTOFINALSTATUSANDDISABLED THE VEHICLE RESTART IT WILL ONLY BE DEACTIVATEDINCASETHEUREATANKIS REPLENISHEDORTHEMALFUNCTIONSHAVE BEENRECTIFIED)FTHEVEHICLECANgTBE RESTARTED WITH 2EFILL 5REA TANK OR VEHICLEWILLNOTSTARTMESSAGE REFILL MORETHANLITERSUREA WAITFORMIN UTESANDTRYVEHICLESTARTINGAGAIN)F VEHICLE STARTING IS NOT POSSIBLE REGARDLESSOFUREALEVEL WERECOM MENDTHATTHESYSTEMBEINSPECTED BYANAUTHORIZED(95.$!)DEALER .ORESTART ,OWUREASOLUTIONLEVEL 5REASYSTEMFAILURE  NOFUELINJECTION )NCORRECTUREADETECTED  ABNORMALUREA !BNORMALUREA SOLUTIONCONSUMPTION  POSTTREATMENTFAILURE #LEARINGTHEVEHICLE RESTARTINGRESTRICTIONIFEQUIPPED


===== PAGE 501 =====

!DDINGTHEUREASOLUTION To refill the urea solution from the refill hose  0RESS THE IGNITION SWITCH TO THE /&&POSITION  4URNTHEUREASOLUTIONTANKCAPIN A COUNTERCLOCKWISE DIRECTION TO OPENIT  &ULLY INSERT THE REFILL HOSE TO ADD THE )3/  SPECIFIED UREA SOLUTIONOVERLITERSORABOVETHE MARKONTHEUREASOLUTIONTANK ❈7HEN2EFILL5REATANKORVEHICLE WILL NOT START MESSAGE IS DIS PLAYED FILLUPUREAATLEASTLITERS ❈0AYTHEGREATCAUTIONNOTTOADD THE UREA SOLUTION INTO THE FUEL TANK )F NOT IT SURELY APPLIES ADVERSE IMPACT ON THE VEHICLE PERFORMANCE CAUSING VARIOUS MALFUNCTIONS ❈.EVERUSETHEUREASOLUTIONMIX TURE WITH ADDITIVES OR WATER )T MAYALLOWFOREIGNSUBSTANCESTO ENTER THE UREA SOLUTION TANK )F SO IT SURELY APPLIES ADVERSE IMPACT ON THE VEHICLE PERFORM ANCE CAUSING VARIOUS MALFUNC TIONS ❈5SE ONLY THE )3/  SPECI FIEDUREASOLUTION!NYUNAUTHO RIZED UREA SOLUTION SURELY APPLIESADVERSEIMPACTSONTHE VEHICLE PERFORMANCE CAUSING VARIOUSMALFUNCTIONS  4URNTHEUREASOLUTIONTANKCAPIN A CLOCKWISE DIRECTION TO SECURELY CLOSEIT To refill the urea solution from the refill bottle  0RESS THE IGNITION SWITCH TO THE /&&POSITION  4URNTHEUREASOLUTIONTANKCAPIN A COUNTERCLOCKWISE DIRECTION TO OPENIT  !DDTHE)3/ SPECIFIEDUREA SOLUTIONOVERLITERSORABOVETHE MARKONTHEUREASOLUTIONTANK ❈0AYTHEGREATCAUTIONNOTTOADD THE UREA SOLUTION INTO THE FUEL TANK )F NOT IT SURELY APPLIES ADVERSE IMPACT ON THE VEHICLE PERFORMANCE CAUSING VARIOUS MALFUNCTIONS ❈0AY THE GREAT CAUTION NOT TO OVER FILLTHECOMPLETELY FULFILLED UREASOLUTIONTANKBYFORCEWHILE REFILLING THE UREA SOLUTION FROM THE REFILL BOTTLE 4HE OVER FILLED UREA SOLUTION TANK WILL BE EXPANDED WHEN IT BECOMES FROZENANDTHISCANCAUSEASERI OUSMALFUNCTIONOFTHEUREASOLU TION TANK OR UREA SOLUTION SYS TEM


===== PAGE 502 =====

❈.EVERUSETHEUREASOLUTIONMIX TURE WITH ADDITIVES OR WATER )T MAYALLOWFOREIGNSUBSTANCESTO ENTER THE UREA SOLUTION TANK )F SO IT SURELY APPLIES ADVERSE IMPACT ON THE VEHICLE PERFORM ANCE CAUSING VARIOUS MALFUNC TIONS ❈5SE ONLY THE )3/  SPECI FIEDUREASOLUTION!NYUNAUTHO RIZED UREA SOLUTION SURELY APPLIESADVERSEIMPACTSONTHE VEHICLE PERFORMANCE CAUSING VARIOUSMALFUNCTIONS  4URNTHEUREASOLUTIONTANKCAPIN A CLOCKWISE DIRECTION TO SECURELY CLOSEIT !DDING THE UREA SOLUTION %VERY APPROXIMATELY   KM 4HE UREA SOLUTION CONSUMPTION IS DEPENDENT ON THE ROAD PROFILE DRIVING PATTERN ANDENVIRONMENTALCONDITION ❈)T TAKES SOME TIME TO UPDATE THE CLUSTER GAUGES AFTER THE 52%! INJECTION s $O NOT APPLY ANY EXTERNAL IMPACT ON THE $0& SYSTEM )T MAYDAMAGETHECATALYST WHICH ISEQUIPPEDINSIDETHE$0&SYS TEM s $O NOT ARBITRARILY MODIFY OR MANIPULATE THE $0& SYSTEM BY REDIRECTING OR LENGTHEN THE EXHAUST PIPE )T MAY ADVERSELY IMPACTTHE$0&SYSTEM s !VOID CONTACT WITH THE DRAINED WATER FROM THE EXHAUST PIPE 4HE WATER IS SLIGHTLY ACID AND HARMFUL TO SKIN )F CONTACTED THOROUGHLYWASHIT s !NY ARBITRARY MANIPULATION OR MODIFICATIONOFTHE$0&SYSTEM MAY CAUSE A SYSTEM MALFUNC TION 4HE $0& SYSTEM IS CON TROLLEDBYTHECOMPLEXDEVICE s 7AITFORTHE$0&SYSTEMTOCOOL DOWN BEFORE THE MAINTENANCE SERVICE AS IT IS HOT DUE TO THE HEAT GENERATION /THERWISE IT MAYCASEASKINBURN s !DD ONLY THE SPECIFIED UREA SOLUTION WHEN YOUR VEHICLE IS EQUIPPEDWITHTHEUREASOLUTION SYSTEM s 4HE UREA SOLUTION SYSTEM IE UREASOLUTIONNOZZLE UREASOLU TION PUMP AND $#5 OPERATES FOR APPROXIMATELY  MINUTES MORETOELIMINATETHEREMAINING UREA SOLUTION INSIDE EVEN AFTER THEIGNITIONSWITCHISPRESSEDTO THE /&& POSITION "EFORE THE MAINTENANCESERVICE MAKESURE THATTHEUREASOLUTIONSYSTEMIS COMPLETELYTURNED/&& s 4HE POOR UREA SOLUTION OR THE UNAUTHORIZED LIQUIDS MAY DAM


===== PAGE 503 =====

AGE THE VEHICLE COMPONENTS INCLUDING THE $0& SYSTEM !NY UNVERIFIED ADDITIVES IN THE UREA SOLUTIONMAYCLOGTHE3#2CATA LYST AND CAUSE OTHER MALFUNC TIONS WHICH REQUIRETHE EXPEN SIVE$0&SYSTEMTOBEREPLACED s 7HENTHEUREASOLUTIONCONTACTS WITH THE EYES OR THE SKIN YOU SHOULDTHOROUGHLYWASHTHECON TAMINATEDSKINAREA s 7HEN YOU SWALLOW THE UREA SOLUTION THOROUGHLY RINSE YOUR MOUTH AND DRINK A LOT OF FRESH WATER 4HEN IMMEDIATELY CON SULTADOCTOR s 7HENYOURCLOTHISCONTAMINAT EDWITHTHEUREASOLUTION IMME DIATELYCHANGEYOURCLOTH s 7HENYOUHAVEANALLERGICREAC TIONTOTHEUREASOLUTION IMME DIATELYCONSULTADOCTOR s $O NOT ALLOW A CHILD TOCONTACT THEUREASOLUTION s 7IPE OFF ANY UREA SOLUTION SPILLAGE WITH WATER OR CLOTH 7HENTHEUREASOLUTIONISCRYS TALIZED WIPE IT OFF WITH THE SPONGE OR THE CLOTH WHICH IS DAMPENED IN THE COLD WATER 7HENTHEUREASOLUTIONSPILLAGE IS EXPOSED IN THE AIR FOR AN EXTENDED PERIOD OF TIME IT IS CRYSTALIZED IN WHITE DAMAGING THEVEHICLESURFACE s 4HEUREASOLUTIONISNOTTHEFUEL ADDITIVES4HUS ITSHOULDNOTBE INJECTED TO THE FUEL TANK /THERWISE IT MAY DAMAGE THE ENGINE s 4HE UREA SOLUTION IS THE AQUE OUSSOLUTION WHICHISINFLAMMA BLE NON TOXIC COLORLESS AND ODORLESS s 3TORETHEUREASOLUTIONTANKONLY IN THE WELL VENTILATED LOCATIONS 7HEN THE UREA SOLUTION IS EXPOSEDTOTHEHOTTEMPERATURE AT APPROXIMATELY  # FOR AN EXTENDED PERIOD OF TIME IE UNDER THE DIRECT SUNLIGHT THE CHEMICAL DECOMPOSITION MAY OCCUR EMITTING THE AMMONIA VAPOR


===== PAGE 504 =====

3TORINGTHEUREASOLUTION s )T IS IMPROPER TO STORE THE UREA SOLUTION IN THE CONTAINERS MADE WITHTHECERTAINMATERIALSIEALU MINUM COPPER COPPERALLOY NON ALLOYEDSTILL ANDGALVANIZEDSTEEL  4HE UREA SOLUTION DISSOLVES THE METAL MATERIALS SEVERELY DAMAG INGTHEEXHAUSTPURIFICATIONSYSTEM TOBENON REPAIRABLE s 3TORETHEUREASOLUTIONONLYINTHE CONTAINERSMADEWITHTHEFOLLOWING MATERIALS $).%.      SPECIFIED STEEL -O #R .I STEEL POLYPROPYLENE ANDPOLYETHYLENE 5REASOLUTIONPURITY s 4HEFOLLOWINGSITUATIONSMAYDAM AGETHE$0&SYSTEM &UELSORANYUNAUTHORIZEDLIQUIDS AREADDEDINTOTHEUREASOLUTION TANK !DDITIVES ARE MIXED IN THE UREA SOLUTION 7ATERISADDEDTODILUTETHEUREA SOLUTION s 5SE ONLY THE )3/  OR $). SPECIFIED UREA SOLUTION 7HENANYUNAUTHORIZEDUREASOLU TIONISADDEDTOTHETANK WEREC OMMENDYOUTOCONTACTANAUTHOR IZED(95.$!)DEALER s 7HENANYUNAUTHORIZEDIMPURITIES ENTERTHEUREASOLUTIONTANK ITMAY OCCURTHEFOLLOWINGPROBLEMS )NCREASEDEMISSION -ALFUNCTIONWITHTHE$0&SYSTEM %NGINEFAILURE .EVER ADD THE USED UREA SOLUTION WHICH IS DRAINED FROM THE TANK IE WHILE MAINTAINING THE VEHICLE  )TS PURITYCANNOTBEGUARANTEED!LWAYS ADDTHENEWUREASOLUTION 3PECIFICATIONOFTHE TANDARDUREASOLUTION ,IQUID SUCH AS DIESEL PETROL AND ALCOHOL SHALL NEVER BE USED FOR 3#2 SYSTEM !NY FLUID OTHER THAN RECOMMENDED UREA SOLUTION CON FORM TO )3/ OR $). CAN DAMAGE 3#2 SYSTEM HARD WAREANDDETERIORATEVEHICLEEMIS SION


===== PAGE 505 =====

s 7HENOPENINGTHEUREASOLUTION TANKCAPATHIGHOUTSIDETEMPER ATURES AMMONIA VAPORS MAY ESCAPE !MMONIA VAPORS HAVE A PUNGENT SMELL AND PRIMARILY CAUSEIRRITATIONOFTHE 3KIN -UCOUSMEMBRANES %YES 9OU MAY EXPERIENCE A BURNING SENSATION IN YOUR EYES NOSE ANDTHROAT ASWELLASCOUGHING ANDWATERINGOFTHEEYES$ONOT INHALEAMMONIAVAPORS$ONOT ALLOW UREA SOLUTION TO COME IN DIRECTCONTACTWITHYOURSKIN)TIS HAZARDOUSTOYOURHEALTH7ASH ANYAFFECTEDAREASOFFWITHPLEN TYOFCLEANWATER )FNECESSARY CONSULTADOCTOR s 7HEN HANDLING WITH UREA SOLU TION IN CLOSED SPACE ENSURE GOODVENTILATION7HENTHEBOT TLEOFUREASOLUTIONCONTAINERIS OPENED PUNGENT SMELLING FUMESMAYESCAPE s +EEPUREASOLUTIONOUTOFREACH OFCHILDREN s 7HEN UREA SOLUTION OVERFLOWS INTO VEHICLE SURFACE WASH OUT VEHICLESURFACEWITHCLEANWATER TOPROHIBITCORROSIONFROMOCCUR RING s 7HEN REPLENISHING BE CAREFUL LEST THE UREA SOLUTION SHOULD OVERFLOW s )NCASETHEVEHICLEWASPARKED ATVERYLOWAMBIENTTEMPERATURE BELOW  DGREE #ELCIUS FOR A LONGTIME THEUREASOLUTIONWILL BE FROZEN IN THE UREA SOLUTION TANK7ITHFROZENUREA THETANK LEVEL MAY NOT BE DETECTED COR RECTLYUNTILTHEUREASOLUTIONWILL DEFROSTED ACTIVATED HEATER)NCORRECTUREAORDILUTED UREA CAN INCREASE THE FREEZING POINT AND THUS DEFROSTING MAY NOT BE PROPERLY DONE BY THE HEATERWHICHISACTIVATEDBELOW CERTAINTEMPERATURES4HISPHE NOMENON MAY CAUSE MALFUNC TION OF THE 3#2 SYSTEM WHICH CAN LEAD TO THE PROHIBITION OF ENGINERESTARTING s 4HE TIME TO DEFROST THE UREA SOLUTION VARIES IN ACCORDANCE WITHDRIVINGCONDITIONSANDOUT SIDETEMPERATURES


===== PAGE 506 =====

s )FDEFECTIVEUREASOLUTIONORLIQ UIDTHATISNOTRECOMMENDEDIS SUPPLIED THEREMAYBEDAMAGE ONTHEPARTSOFTHEVEHICLESUCH AS PROCESSING DEVICE )F DEFEC TIVEFUELISUSED FOREIGNOBJECTS WILLBEACCUMULATEDTO3#2CAT ALYSTANDCAUSECATALYSTPUSHED AWAYORBREAKING !FTER ADDING THE INCORRECT UREA SOLUTION PLEASEVISITTHECLOSEST SERVICECENTERASEARLYASPOSSI BLE s ,IQUIDTHATARENOTRECOMMEND ED SUCH AS DIESEL PETROL AND ALCOHOL SHALL NEVER BE USED OTHER THAN THE RECOMMENDED UREA SOLUTION THAT SATISFY


===== PAGE 507 =====




===== PAGE 508 =====

ITEM MMIN /VERALLLENGTH /VERALLWIDTH /VERALLHEIGHT &RONTTREAD 2EARTREAD 7HEELBASE WITHROOFRACK )TEM 0ETROLENGINE $IESELENGINE $ISPLACEMENT CCCUIN "OREX3TROKE MMIN &IRINGORDER .OOFCYLINDERS )N LINE )N LINE


===== PAGE 509 =====

,IGHT"ULB "ULBTYPE 7ATTAGE &RONT 4YPE! (EADLAMP (IGH 4URNSIGNALLAMP 0OSITIONLAMP 4YPE" (EADLAMP (IGH 4URNSIGNALLAMP 0OSITIONLAMP ,OW"EAM!SSISTn3TATIC $AYTIMERUNNINGLAMP$2, &OGLAMP 2EAR 2EARCOMBINATIONLAMP 4AIL3TOP 4AIL 4URNSIGNAL "ACKUP &OGLAMP (IGHMOUNTEDSTOPLAMP ,ICENSEPLATELAMP


===== PAGE 510 =====

,IGHT"ULB "ULBTYPE 7ATTAGE )NTERIOR -APLAMP 4YPE! 4YPE" 2OOMLAMP 4YPE! 4YPE" 3UNVISORLAMP 4AILGATEROOMLAMP 'LOVEBOXLAMP %XTERIOR 0UDDLELAMP 3IDE2EPEATERLAMP/UTSIDEMIRROR


===== PAGE 511 =====

7HENREPLACINGTIRES USETHESAMESIZEORIGINALLYSUPPLIEDWITHTHEVEHICLE 5SINGTIRESOFADIFFERENTSIZECANDAMAGETHERELATEDPARTSORMAKEITWORKIRREGULARLY )TEM 4IRESIZE 7HEELSIZE )NFLATIONPRESSUREBARPSI K0A 7HEELLUGNUTTORQUE KGFqMLBFqFT .qM .ORMALLOAD -AXIMUMLOAD &RONT 2EAR &RONT 2EAR &ULLSIZETIRE #OMPACTSPARETIRE IFEQUIPPED s )TISPERMISSIBLETOADDK0APSI TOTHESTANDARDTIREPRESSURESPECIFICATIONIFCOLDERTEMPERATURESAREEXPECTED SOON4IRESTYPICALLYLOSEK0APSI FOREVERY # & TEMPERATUREDROP)FEXTREMETEMPERATUREVARIATIONSARE EXPECTED RECHECKYOURTIREPRESSUREASNECESSARYTOKEEPTHEMPROPERLYINFLATED s !NAIRPRESSUREGENERALLYDECREASES ASYOUDRIVEUPTOAHIGH ALTITUDEAREAABOVESEALEVEL4HUS IFYOUPLANTO DRIVEAHIGH ALTITUDEAREA CHECKTHETIREPRESSURESINADVANCE)FNECESSARY INFLATETHEMTOAPROPERLEVEL!IRINFLA TIONPERALTITUDE K0AKM PSIMILE  5RC•re wheel can be from any tire manufacturer. • Spare wheel is intended for Emergency Purpose only.


===== PAGE 512 =====

)TEMS 7EIGHTOF6OLUME #LASSIFICATION 2EFRIGERANT GOZ #OMPRESSORLUBRICANT GOZ #ONTACTANAUTHORIZED(95.$!)DEALERFORMOREDETAILS )TEM 0ETROLENGINE $IESELENGINE SEATER +GLBS


===== PAGE 513 =====

-IN"EHINDREARSEATTOUPPEREDGEOFTHESEATBACK -AX"EHINDFRONTSEATTOROOF )TEM 0ETROL%NGINE%XCEPT%URO#$IESEL%NGINE &OR%URO#$IESEL%NGINE #OMPACTSPARETIRE &ULLSIZETIRE #OMPACTSPARETIRE l CUFT


===== PAGE 514 =====

To help achieve proper engine and powertrain performance and durability, use only lubricants of the proper quality. The correct lubricants also help promote engine efficiency that results in improved fuel economy. These lubricants and fluids are recommended for use in your vehicle. ,UBRICANT 6OLUME #LASSIFICATION %NGINEOIL  DRAINANDREFILL ABOVE  WITH$0& WITHOUT$0& -ANUALTRANSAXLEFLUID !UTOMATICTRANSAXLEFLUID (95.$!)GENUINE!4&30 )6 %NGINE#OOLANT -IXTUREOFANTIFREEZEANDWATER 0HOSPHATE BASED%THYLENEGLYCOLCOOLANTFORALUMINUMRADIA TOR


===== PAGE 515 =====

!LWAYSBESURETOCLEANTHEAREAAROUNDANYFILLERPLUG DRAINPLUG ORDIPSTICKBEFORECHECKINGORDRAININGANYLUBRI CANT4HISISESPECIALLYIMPORTANTINDUSTYORSANDYAREASANDWHENTHEVEHICLEISUSEDONUNPAVEDROADS#LEANING THEPLUGANDDIPSTICKAREASWILLPREVENTDIRTANDGRITFROMENTERINGTHEENGINEANDOTHERMECHANISMSTHATCOULDBE DAMAGED 2ECOMMENDED3!%VISCOSITYNUMBER "RAKE#LUTCHFLUID 2EARDIFFERENTIALOIL7$ 3(%,,($!8,%/),7OREQUIVALENT 4RANSFERCASEOIL &UEL 2EFERTOh&UELREQUIREMENTSvINFOREWORDSECTION -4-ANUALTRANSAXLE !4!UTOMATICTRANSAXLE )FAVAILABLEINPETROLENGINE 2EFERTOTHERECOMMENDED3!%VISCOSITYNUMBERSONTHENEXTPAGE %NGINEOILSLABELED%NERGY#ONSERVING/ILARENOWAVAILABLE!LONGWITHOTHERADDITIONALBENEFITS THEYCONTRIBUTETOFUELECONOMYBYREDUCINGTHEAMOUNTOFFUEL  NECESSARYTOOVERCOMEENGINEFRICTION/FTEN THESEIMPROVEMENTSAREDIFFICULTTOMEASUREINEVERYDAYDRIVING BUTINAYEARSTIME THEYCANOFFERSIGNIFICANTCOSTAND ENERGYSAVINGS )FTHE!#%!!ENGINEOILISNOTAVAILABLEINYOURCOUNTRY YOUAREABLETOUSE),3!#'& ORABOVE OR!#%!!ORABOVE   )FTHE!#%!!"ENGINEOILISNOTAVAILABLEINYOURCOUNTRY YOUAREABLETOUSE!0)#( ORABOVE  7ERECOMMENDTHATYOUUSETHEENGINEOILSAPPROVEDBY(95.$!)-OTOR)NDIA,TD7ERECOMMENDTHATYOUCONSULTANAUTHORIZED(95.$!)DEALERFORDETAILS  5REA$IESELONLY IFEQUIPPED


===== PAGE 516 =====

%NGINEOILVISCOSITYTHICKNESS HASAN EFFECT ON FUEL ECONOMY AND COLD WEATHER OPERATING ENGINE START AND ENGINEOILFLOWABILITY ,OWERVISCOSITY ENGINE OILS CAN PROVIDE BETTER FUEL ECONOMY AND COLD WEATHER PERFORM ANCE HOWEVER HIGHERVISCOSITYENGINE OILSAREREQUIREDFORSATISFACTORYLUBRI CATIONINHOTWEATHER5SINGOILSOFANY VISCOSITYOTHERTHANTHOSERECOMMEND EDCOULDRESULTINENGINEDAMAGE 7HENCHOOSINGANOIL CONSIDERTHE RANGE OF TEMPERATURE YOUR VEHICLE WILLBEOPERATEDINBEFORETHENEXTOIL CHANGE 0ROCEEDTOSELECTTHERECOMMENDED OILVISCOSITYFROMTHECHART 4EMPERATURE2ANGEFOR3!%6ISCOSITY.UMBERS 4EMPERATURE 0ETROL%NGINE/IL■ $IESEL%NGINE/IL■ 4EMPERATURE2ANGEFOR3!%6ISCOSITY.UMBERS 4EMPERATURE &ORBETTERFUELECONOMY ITISRECOMMENDEDTOUSETHEENGINEOILOFAVISCOSITYGRADE3!%7 


===== PAGE 517 =====

4HE VEHICLE IDENTIFICATION NUMBER 6). ISTHENUMBERUSEDINREGISTER INGYOURVEHICLEANDINALLLEGALMAT TERSPERTAININGTOITSOWNERSHIP ETC 4HENUMBERISPUNCHEDONTHEFLOOR UNDERTHEPASSENGERSEAT4OCHECK THENUMBER OPENTHECOVER 4HE6).ISALSOONAPLATEATTACHED TO THE TOP OF THE DASHBOARD 4HE NUMBER ON THE PLATE CAN EASILY BE SEEN THROUGH THE WINDSHIELD FROM OUTSIDE 4HEVEHICLECERTIFICATIONLABELATTACHED ON THE DRIVERS OR FRONT PASSENGERS SIDE CENTER PILLAR GIVES THE VEHICLE IDENTIFICATIONNUMBER6).  ■6).LABELIFEQUIPPED ■&RAMENUMBER


===== PAGE 518 =====

4HETIRESSUPPLIEDONYOURNEWVEHI CLE ARE CHOSEN TO PROVIDE THE BEST PERFORMANCEFORNORMALDRIVING 4HETIRELABELLOCATEDONTHEDRIVERgS SIDECENTERPILLARGIVESTHETIREPRES SURESRECOMMENDEDFORYOURVEHICLE 4HEENGINENUMBERISSTAMPEDONTHE ENGINEBLOCKASSHOWNINTHEDRAWING !COMPRESSORLABELINFORMSYOUTHE TYPE OF COMPRESSOR YOUR VEHICLE IS EQUIPPEDWITHSUCHASMODEL SUPPLI ER PART NUMBER PRODUCTION NUMBER REFRIGERANTANDREFRIGERANTOIL


===== PAGE 519 =====

4HERADIOFREQUENCYCOMPONENTSOF THEVEHICLECOMPLYWITHREQUIREMENTS AND OTHER RELEVANT PROVISIONS OF $IRECTIVE%# &URTHER INFORMATION INCLUDING THE MANUFACTURERgS DECLARATION CONFORMITYISAVAILABLEON(95.$!) WEBSITEASFOLLOWS HTTPSERVICEHYUNDAI MOTORCOM 0ETROLENGINE 4HEFUELLABELISATTACHEDONTHEFUEL FILLERDOOR !/CTANERATINGOFUNLEADEDPETROL  2/.2/:  2ESEARCH /CTANE .UMBER  2 -  !+)!NTI+NOCK)NDEX ")DENTIFIERSFOR0ETROL TYPE&UELS ❈4HISSYMBOLMEANSUSABLEFUEL $ONOTUSEANYOTHERFUEL #&ORFURTHERDETAILS REFERTOTHEh&UEL 2EQUIREMENTv IN THE )NTRODUCTION CHAPTER $IESELENGINE 4HEFUELLABELISATTACHEDONTHEFUEL FILLERDOOR !&UEL$IESEL ")DENTIFIERS FOR &!-% CONTAINING $IESEL TYPE&UELS ❈4HISSYMBOLMEANSUSABLEFUEL $ONOTUSEANYOTHERFUEL #&ORFURTHERDETAILS REFERTOTHEh&UEL 2EQUIREMENTv IN THE )NTRODUCTION CHAPTER ■%XAMPLE